I have to say kudos for putting so much time and dedication into this project and, specifically, the slide show. I had never considered being creative with the actual presentation, only the  itself. My only suggestion for the next assignment would be to make the file easier to access. I had quite a few difficulties trying to access the slideshow. All in all, however, great work! It was really neat to see how you used your s to build such a unique . Wow, by reading your description, it sounds intriguing. It would have been great to see it! I wonder what could have the "wow" factor? Color? Variation in kind of s (tennis s and sandals)? I never thought of doing a pyramid; I will try it just to see how I do.Good job, you can try put your s stand up to make your T value bigger."Positive: I feel happy to look at hight of  . with less no of s used. which also achives good height in short perid of time.Unique: I tye to make small base with good   height. Revision: I tried 3  revision. which gradualy increased height by balancing and adding more s at top. I am still feeling i can do it better on next time.  Education. : How can we learn from failure by previous mistakes and come-up with new idea which gives more hight and balance to .If we reflect this in our personal life. we will acheive new height by learning from past mistakes."Congratulations Your   is  taller than me !  But I  you can try some other  shape of s to get more trials."The approach of the task is astounding. For me it is an out of the box idea which works. You achieved your main goal in an alternative creativity way. Good job.The description is an individual art. I enjoyed reading the parallels among the historical stories and physical word manifestation.As far as I understand you made only two physical attempts although you were absolutely creative. I feel that you put more energy into the description than into than . Anyway you reached your personal goal you made the highest T-value.I have learned two things from your assignment. First that sometimes it is worth to spend more on theory than on practice. In order to truly understand what you really want and what makes you satisfied. Besides of this I can close my review with Leonardo da Vinci quotes:: Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  ""The description and other comments are thoughtful and reflective of the process. What is interesting, and probably unique is that on  reading the submission I am smiling because the  could be a metaphor for me - stable and practical, with potential to be more creative!To improve and revise the  I should have just spent more time on it. Had a few more goes and been more daring with the  placement. Worrying less about fulfilling criteria and more about making myself feel I'd made a beautiful thing. It is tricky to give feedback on this as I feel as if  I did that in my original comments, at the time of writing I tried to be thoughtful and reflective about what I had done. I  this is the key to being able to move forward.I learned that my  is a reflection of my soul! ""First, I  it is very beautiful  his s, he tried several times to achieve such an effect, I  I should continue to try. From the picture, hanging next to Ms. heels are used to balance the weight of it? This method is worth learning, and this is I did not  of. Praise."The   exercise involved the major elements of designing the structure, finding the right material, the right choice, team and coordination efforts . The result is mind blowing...I never thought   could this high and complex. I believe  i have learned a tip or two on coordination and cohesiveness to gel projects together and achieve the desired results . Good to see this effort yield results!!!Perhaps I missed this part of my own evaluation?? My happy comments are that I placed my  in a natural setting and incorporated as much color as I could. Being a feedback provider encourages another longer look at the how and why of something which can be very important."This  tree is impressive because the person worked with constraints and yet has managed to build a good  tree.The unique aspect is that it is not made out of many s.I would critically state that it could have employed the use of more s and more color...other than that it looks simple yet good"I am, in the end, glad that I aimed for a good looking   instead of a purely functional one or else this wouldn't have been as fun. The most unique thing about this compared to other submissions is that I might have cheated. I am not sure if that's true but if there were judges, they could decide. I should have spent more time on other design attempts as I might have come up with a better idea. This was a sort of meditative exercise. I really liked working with the basic material of s. i  the idea is good..but execution of this model not ideal..l  your   is very beautiful and seems creative."i  positive to draw is the number of tries.i  the structural approach allowed for the height gainedthe s could have been better placed for aesthetics ""I gave 6.P: You did good to build the   with so many s.U: The large and strong base looks interesting.R: Is it possible to use fewer s but achieve the height so as to reach a higher T value.E: After seeing your work, I  I could have achieved a higher   if using more s."It is a pity that I could not see your  ,I guess it is very stable.although the value of T is not very,but I know the limit of the material affect the height,and you put more attention on the beauty ,which is a very clever measure.I like the way that you have approached this task. Great job, you did well!"I find the  unique,simple and result of a number of trials,Its not easy to achieve this height easily,I am intrigued to find my friend have considered the term ""center of gravity' which is an essential parameter to consider while building anything vertically projected, I am sure my friend have thought about the color selection and the order of colors towards the top.The  is beautiful to me because i see three owls sitting in three levels,The unique feature of the  is its vertical projection itself which is not easily possible,this shows my  friend must have tried it a number of times,he also mentions it in his self review.My suggestion is he could have achieved added two more s in the bottom layer thus it will improve both aesthetics and stability and he could have thus gone much higher heights.I am understanding that a number of trials,planning and selection of color etc will improve the beauty of simple structures."I like the design you chose and the process you went through to decide upon it. I also like that you used the strap of one  to support the other. I like the colors also, was that part of your consideration?First the structure is pretty stable as balance was created so well. It's unique because of manifested creativity to arrange the s to create stability and equality of weights everywhere. The  tree exhibited extra ordinary creativity and symmetry as to structural factors.  I would suggest that color symmetry was not taken into consideration to create more balance and art.  Likewise reviews of peer could be sought for more ideas and diversity. I learn that consultation with other people is necessary to produce a more productive, diversified and creative output."Positive: steady .Unique: considering size and weight.Revision: i should do more Revision.Education: open mind can move you far.Revision:Education:""My dear classmate, you've done a amazing job.Its color is very cool. As we know, black and white match well. And your work only use this two color, so it sees very harmonious and fabulous. On the other hand, it's high enough and T is also a high value.But you are too modest. Your work is really beautiful. I  you could give yourself a 8 at least. And maybe you can try more potential ways to make it better (e.g. change its structure)"WOW,you did a great job.with just only 7 s you build 70cm.Your value for the metric is so high.Very creative,and impressive,If I can give a score,10 out of 10,definitely."I like the fact that there is colour and neat structure to my  , I really enjoy the change of angle at the top and the blue and pink sneaker adding a focal point in the middle. I do however feel that more effort could have been made to try to get the  higher and also get a better T value. Perhaps trying different designs.I learned that when one looks at something for the purpose of giving feedback you look at it differently, in more detail and from many angles rather than just ""do I like it, does it look nice?""I also feel that through this entire exercise I my thought process can be quite one dimensional and I can get caught up with one idea (generally one of the first ideas)and just focus on that instead of being more dynamic."Interesting that you have that boots so you can make a high . You have the resources and you use it well. I have one suggestion, you may put the  in the top of the  vertically. It will give you higher . Good effort!would have been better if there was a pictorial representation, well fair enough"Well done! You have built a nice  . And the boots you have used at the top to make the   taller is quite fair. Kudos!But you could have made the basement part pretty attractive and yet holding the  too.The basement looks messy and yes you could have used less no of s too for the basement.Anyways, it's still a nice  .""Your towes is not very colourful but it looks very good, because one can see a great style here - black and white is a great colouring. Besides, your  is not very messy and it looks very neat - I find it really great and unuque. Besides I liked the idea to put one pair on the sole and the other upside down. Frankly speaking, I can't see anything to add to it - it's perfect.I didn't learn anything - I just got envious.""Hey!I like your  towel very much.It looks so slim which make it like a real towel.The amazing point is you can make the towel so stable though it looks very easy to fall.It will be interesting to know if the two grey s in the bottom works or just to be good looking."Compared with other students' works, I have found it the works I had  evaluated were similar. I  consider i have full fill the requirements of the homework but i highlight the fact that i study few options before i started my , so i did it in a short time, i find unique the construction , probably I could have work with more s instead of being safe and just  want the easy way, what i learned the way this homework has touch my creativity with such an interesting  and simple excersice"The   looks fine but its short.Try building a new big  completely from s without using heels.The  eas although good to look at.""Well, we both had the same problem, I tried to use all my s and in my first try I did my tallest, though it was not very stable. After that, like you, I try to create a new support in the bottom, to create more stability. What a nice job you did, ver clever. Nevertheless, and I now you run out of s, I  your beautiful  could be a little bit bigger. Despite that, you have created a very charming prototype and I can see you put a lot of effort on that. So, Good. In the end I would give you 6 out of 10, because I  you have a great potential and you can create a really big and beautiful .Best of Luck.""Positive: Use mix of s with different shape and mass with small base and good approach to maximize the   height.I also like the artistic top. Which shows the good    balance with new approach.Unique: Small base, color full s with beautiful  on top. Revision: There is only final   so can't comment much on revision of previous attempts.Education. A balancing of   heap with more colors which make it attractive. i like the color sheds used from bottom to top."My HeRo! I was trying to do something beautiful with my hills, but! You found an harmonious design. Colors and structure are mixing in your . Congratulations! I really like the way that you find to use the sneakers, hills and flip flops. I tried and it was not easy. Good job. And yes, the ballet flats at the top, are great :) I have no suggestions. Maybe tried higher as an experiment. But i liked ur job. I hope you can enjoy viewing other jobs as i am. We can learn about the creativity of each other and improve our designs. Thanks for share. Good job! Hi you have done a wonderful job. .  it is interesting as the  came to a point of one high top magenta converse sneaker Pls don.t get  frustrated, be positive always."The first thing that came to my mind on seeing this   was WOW! Yes, because of its design/shape. A very creative  .The most unique aspect of this   has to be its shape.Hats-off for that! Very well balanced and quite an appealing .Its very hard to pick a suggestion for this one and I am not able to do that. So, good job.The one thing to learn from this   is definitely to  different.I would give it a 9.5.""I  it's smart that you connected the s by placing a sole into the other . And I like the top , placed in it's side, in contrast to the other ones. It's a creative idea, and of course adds some height to the . When evaluating your , I figured... would it be possible to place more s on their sides? (like a benga , do you know what I mean, that game with the woden slats). For the next exercize my suggestion would be to be a bit more extensive in your evaluation. In the other peer evaluation I had to write, I learned more from the reflection that person wrote, and that got my creativity running again. I feel creativity can definitely benefit from working together or at least watching others, their ideas. I would be curious for your proces, what your first idea was and how it developed to the final . Good luck with the next exercizes!(Sorry, I can no find where to fill in the grade.... now the system says I graded you 0, which is obviously not fair!)"Love the thongs (flip flops or what ever you call them)  spelling out Uruguay - nothing like national pride. Looks to be a very solid structure despite the age of the s. You could have removed a couple of s on the lower layer without impacting the integrity of the . You do not need to judge yourself so harshly - you have made an attempt.Very nice work, beautiful as well. Classification into winter, summer etc were very very good. Basement might have done more solid. I learnt that peak can be modified like this , I did by single slipper.... "I liked the final result although I didn't love it. I liked the concept (from winter to summer s) and I liked the colours and shape.I could have used less s and still make it a little bit taller."its interesting how the pile of s are gathered at the bottom. whats unique is the amount of s that's been used. maybe there could of been a better way to put them in a more appealing way. i learned how each human has his own way of being creative. I like my simple style,but my  seems like not strong and tall,ii just like its style.This Very GoodBecause my English is so poor..so.. never judgesI  you are so creative! Because you tracked your own process very carefully: how to try, how to hit on ideas.  Especially, this assignment doesn't need the beauty aspect in the first phase, but in spite of that, you considered the beauty, verticality and also stability. I  it's very important for a creater to add value on your work.This was an excellent approach to this challenge.  I can see that you have experience with this kind of projects. I would greatly consider your work to the discussion forum if it is not already there. Congratulations "An interesting creation! I like that each  is pointing a completely different direction - I imagine that was to help balance the weight. That shows great trial and error in your building process. Despite your admitted limitations, you used different coloured s, and different styles. You opened your mind to using bots, rather than just s. Excellent work! Did you consider trying different combinations of the same s? I wonder how the flips flips would have balanced if they were wedged into the sneakers.It is helpful to look at others' work, and see where they may have struggled in the same places that I did, or understood the instructions differently. This is why collaboration is so important. "Where is your pictures? Well, as you described, I believe you can built a high and stable s . Boots are very high! You've got an excellent height. But also as you said, this haven't got much color.Well, your self-confidence is what I applaud the most. You reflect this confidence in your creation, which I also  is innovative, beautiful and great. Congratulations. I  you use a very profound insight, reasoning and ing process, and details are very important for you. I  that it will be very interesting to share your creation, to nurture yourself with diverse opinions, and maybe, in case anyone do not like it, reflect on what you feel with this criticism, if you take it personal or take it with humour. I guess it is great to grade yourself this high, but maybe ing that you only have one point to grow, maybe, this narrows your path. Hope I make myself clear and give you something to  about. Really original!"positive:i  the color looks harmony. you use many color.Unique:i  the modelling of the s  is special. As if built by many plates.Revision: too many s maybe.Education:i learn that may be i can  more about the material when i want to build something next time."Very impressed with your ! I loved the asymmetry within the symmetry. I also liked the thought you gave to colour placement...again, it was asymmetrical but it was balanced; it worked. Particularly interesting is the internal space in the top third of the . You didn't actually do the height divided by number of s part. Ie height divided by number of s, 60/18 = roughly 4 (don't have my calculator!). I was also interested in your technique of trying to replicate an existing structure, the Eiffel . What I learnt...a different approach. I created my  in my head, from scratch. I hadn't thought of basing it on an existing structure. :)There must be some wrong. I can't see my picture. But through my peer's work, I can see some excellent work. So nice!"You applied a clear method to the task and clearly had fun doing it.I enjoyed hearing about the steps you took to complete the exercise, and about your thought processes as you took it forward.I have no particular suggestions for improvement as I thought you did this exercise very well - and you took it more seriously than I did in my own submission."Very unique idea for the project.  Excellent work! Trying a couple of attempts does make a difference.Wow! you're really hard-working and persistent person! I can't even imagine working 12 hours on a show  exercise :-D Your  is just perfect and wonderful, nothing more to mention. I guess you're Iranian based on  models and home settings and carpet ;-) You don't actually need creativity because you're unbelievably hard-working. Afarin!Oh,after seeing 2 defferent  ,they are both very creative,one is very impressive.Compared with them,I just complete the basic part of the exercise.I didn't do something creative.So next time I will try some thing surprising,both for me and others.Has completed the task, or would like to see more of a  , this is the easiest I've ever seen, built a pair of s, s big enough success lies! Of course, the authors suspect a little lazy, but it is indeed permitted under the rules, this is a fun idea. I noticed a detail from the s are still protected under the , the author is a person who love clean, laughingIt was a good trial. The colours ,as you said, could be more bright."I find this  very nice, creative and also looks stable. Well done. I really like the coloured  on top of the  which give a touch of creativity and refinement. I also find interesting that you started your assignment looking at the ""material"" you had available, very methodical, and then building different  choosing the most appealing design. You might use all s you have on your next , and trying over and over again to reach the beauty you are looking for without being lazy nor descouraged.This job made me  that I had a bad assumption about creativity, I have always considered it as something irrational, but I have the impression the student used a rational method to build the , which I also find very nice. Creativity comes from the whole of us, our rational and irrational (more instinctive) side. We have to ba a whole to create from the heart.""The simplicity  of the solution attracts me it shows that you don't have to go to great complex arrangements to get somewhere.The fact that problem was reinterpreted to focus more on the T scores.  Not sure if this brave or silly to have reinterpreted the task.That I should probably look into putting more effort into find simple but higher answers. "Fue Muy Interesante Haber Observado Este Proyecto Debido A Que Me Dio Una Muy Buena Reflexin Por Que Aprend Que Se Debe Ser Mas Objetivo, Claro Y Sobretodo Confiado Consigo mismo. I  you were very creative on stacking so many s together without falling.  I learned what a cuboid  looks like.  I don't really have any critics other than you score probably would have been higher with less s.  Well done engineering project!I played fair and didnt use boots as used by others. I used normal sports s that were used to make . The unique part was that I have only 9-10 size s and that no support was required for my  . I would like to be more detailed in my answers which I was not. I learned how to be more creative and how to learn from others."The strength of the Project is the height. However, as it was mentioned by the creator of the , it is not so aesthetic. But I  this brings another strength of the Project to the table: the creator knows what are the strength/weaknesses etc.To me, use of the flip flop is really creative to accomplish the creator's purpose (a tall ).I do not have a particular suggestion for that Project. It is totally well done. Congratulations!I am an impatient person and this Project helped me to educate myself about having more and more trials before get a duty done.""I  you   structure is great!  Why don't you try more times?The best way to  be more creativity is never stop trying. You can do better!  I feel you might be a more adaptive style of creator. Find out your best way to do it ^^.""Positive:According to your description,   presents a pyramid shape, which is very nice. I  you spend a lot of effort in appearance of the , great!Unique: Oval  , see the kind, but it's certainly very interesting!Revision: I suggest that you reduce the some decorative s, it will be more ""saving resources.""Education.  I  I need to incorporate more elements of aesthetics."after seeing others i am still happy with my results, although i know my strengths lie more on function than fashion i had fun, got to use the creative side of my brain, and do something i have never done before!It is unique task completed by the learner I m really impressed from the task."I am impressed to see that so many s were used for  that shows the hardwork of builder. The colors of s are also different  and are pleasant for eye. It is also worth appreciating that complete and detailed answers of all questions were give.A unique thing is that s made with soft material were used as building material. This is a unique idea.Shape of  is not excellent. It  can be improved. There is dirt in the picture (on carpet), that should not be there.I learned from this assignment that use of colors can make a  look attractive even if it is not very outstanding in shape.""I like you were resourceful and you were able to incorporate a lo of s in making your .It's interesting that the  has female s only.Three attempts to make your  is a very reasonable time to amuse yourself and built a nice strong .The  is solid, not so stylized, but with good foundation."It is a creative work that indeed follows strategic layout"Love that design, seems that you  much before doing this.The design is actually great. I love balance. So I would also give a thumb to your work.Think twice before you act. And never afraid of failure. You did these I ! :)"As far as color goes, I enjoy the general composition, however, since this is mostly done on the first try, I don't believe this is all that I could have done. I don't good at English, and I didn't notice the T value, I miss understand it. To my works, I  it have a good T value, but it isn't high enough."I did some trick on my R2D2 scale to make my  look bigger. I'm actually grad that I can jump out from my ing path, to do something different.I would be more pleased if the slippers are in more colours.""Positive: As the author has mentioned, it is neat and simple.Unique: I must say it is important to choose the right s when you need a higher T value.Revision: None at this moment. The author did a great job.Education: I learned a lot from the author's description of the process. Thanks.""Self-evaluating will be easy since, basically, I have already done that in the assignment.But now that I have compared my job with others, I am able of looking at it in a different way.I was not that bad with creativity. I would change my grade to 8. I saw that I was able to create a successful structure that eventually made me reach a very high T score! I also realized that being not excited beforehand is normal, since you have no idea of what are you about to do. But as I started working on it, I eventually got into it deeply.As for my design, I would give it a 6. I really didn't care about it that much while building it, compared to others."This Very GoodBecause my English is so poor..so.. never judges"3 It is my pleasure to help you to do the evaluation!If the   near the wall or a chair, whether can increase the upper of s.If the top can't do it, you can try to change at the bottom, such as the number of vertical s reduced to a 3, whether it is feasible.Try process description is too simple, it is a pity that I didn't know your unrealistic ideas!""It's good to know that you have tried few times to get what you want. And the tall of your   is good. You gave a high score for your  , that's great.But it would be better if you can give the number you have attempted, and calculate the value of the metric (height in cm) / (number of s). I can't see your picture, maybe because of my computer.It's good to know that highheels work well for the .""The  looks pretty good. Especially in the first picture. It shows that you thought about what colors would be where from the start, as the flow in color worked out to make it look good. Especiall considering alos how organic the whole thing is.My favorite part about the  is probably the way in which the boot connects the two s on top, which I  is what makes the  look most organic.I  the building ended up using too many s for the base. I  you could have easily taken out two s from there to increase the T factor, as well as the attractiveness of the . Perhaps playing with the laces could have helped too. They are very bright and the yellow looks, good on top of the black leather, IMO.I now feel that I didn't take enough care enough about adding any kind of expressive value, which resulted in something that was rather architectural and inorganic, even if I took the color in consideration for some things."Good try. Now, you would have learn lots of creative ideas from this course. Keep it up!It was a  made of flip flops and not s but it was clearly mentioned that the  has to be made of s.Therefore the  made by you is wrong.But anyway the idea of making a  out of flip flops sounds interesting.Try making a  out of s its hard  but looks good.From the above passage i learned how to make a  out of flip flops"He surely makes a gigantic outfit. Look at hkw thkse large boots just erect into a tall  with high T rate. He has really tried.The uniqueness of his  is seen in the tupe of boots he used and the appearance of his country's flag on the background.The only key issues are that he made 2 s instead of one, and the question requires only 1.I learn the possibility of having 1  per level for big s, which means strong single ideas can win."You are doing a wonderful job in this week! Congratulations!it seems pretty good. i like this effort. nice idea."ChineseChinesePositiveUnique:Revision:Education:""I enjoyed reading about you building the ! I also had to do a rebuild of mine after I left it to fetch the camera - I know how that feels! I'm glad you stuck at it. I like the way you made the second tier of s to give the height, and the  securing the pink ones into the others.I sense some frustration when you write about that top story, did  you find that being annoyed with the  made you more determined to  make it stay up?I  your '4 for beauty'  may be a little low. When I look at the  it has something about the Eiffel  about it, that square base, thinning out to a smaller top! The  on the top is beautiful in itself :)I have been looking at other s in the forums and what interests me the most about it them is the stories they tell about the makers! I imagine you to live in a warm country, enjoy sport and the  on top says someone enjoys a little glamour in their life!I wonder if you thought about not using pairs of s. The photo indicates that that pretty  on top is actually a pair of s on the top. If you used only one of those as a decorative top you would have to divide your  by 20, not 21 - giving you a higher value for the .I also would have been interested to know more about your feelings about the creative process, how many attempts you  it should take or how intense you  it should be.Being asked to provide feedback really made me look at your . I have flicked through the forums and looked at many of the s on display but I found I was paying much more attention to your  and your description of how you built it. It helped to focus my attention and made me glad that I am doing this extra part of the course. It was easy to find positive things to say, but I had to look a little deeper to find ways to improve your submission, but I do  they are always there. Nothing is perfect and often you someone else to see it for you. Thank you for sharing your  and your thoughts with me, I hope we both learned from each other!""positive: considering the number of s you use i  your  is really tall.Unique: good idea to use boots.Revision: after you build the  you need to ask yourself: how can i do it better, try to do it more impressive.Education: i learn that to bulid tall  i beter use more boots(:"Great approach, I liked the idea of having boots as a support system, your  looks solid and with few flaws. It seems that you have already got a design in mind, I would've suggested a bit of colour to your model, you mentioned your family as supportive judges so their s would have given a different perspective. Great job!Thanks for your work. Though I can't see the picture, I can image it must be a strong .I  it's a nice  , it follows the guidelines and, while not the tallest submission, is a reasonable height given it only uses 8 s.  I find the curves and overall shape of the  quite interesting and not what I was expecting when I started it.  If doing it again the base could perhaps be done differently as this may provide more stability with less s and may lead to a taller .  I found it very interesting, I  perhaps a little more time spent on it could have yielded a better  but for the time that was used and the s that were available I  it is a good effort."I see some great ideas in construction, I haven't seen anything like it. The top part anf the bottom one is unique - the two gyus whose s I got did the  in an ordinary way. It could be done more neatly and better in colour.Hm... I have my flaws but I have quite an original ing."I admire candidate's passion in doing this assignment.I will simply say well done!I give 10.The  was very uniquely made and was quite innovatively made using boots.Also the height of   was great and I really loved it.The interesting fact was that how creatively the  was made and how boots were used. Although I did not find any improvements but I feel,using boots might be disadvantageous to others although its a smart move. The creativity you showed was really amazing.its nice o know that u have learned the importance of failure . its nice  it could have been more beautiful if u have used a bit colourfull s .Wow ! Your   looks like a real  !And i love the top of it !!! I can see that you make sure the  is stable at the bottom .And the top is beautiful . But as you said ,maybe you can use more beautiful s with more colors or something . Actually my  is kind of like yours but with more s ,and the height is the same .SO , from your work ,i can learn to reduce the number of my s . Finally , congratuation for the fantastic work !This classmate could learn from the failure and tried different kinds of way to make the s  more stable which is what we want to learn from CIC--Creativity, Innovation, and Change.It is worth learning.I love the the relation to sky and ground that you made with your . That was super creative and really unique. I was also impressed with how tall you were able to get your  so tall with only 6 s. There is a beauty in the simplicity. Nice try. You have a typo in your metric as 44/22=2 not 4. good looking and i  you could get a liitle better by continuing this jenga model."The structure of the  looks very stable. Then I found that the high-heel s can increase the height of the  easily, why not try to use some boot LOL.Now because the s have their weight and the lower s will be squished, in order to make a better T value,  a proper number of s are required."I  the shower  is very nice! It reminds me of a Christmas tree somehow :-) And I  balancing the s like that was quite difficult! My  looked more like Jenga. Maybe you could have used the flat s as the base? Built up a couple layers and then constructed on top, you might have gotten a few centimetres more that way. Nice work!Strengths of my submission are (1) creative use of a variety of s, (2) whimsical elements in the , (3) to the point responses that reveal my reasoning, and (4) in-depth description of process. The variety of s selected was potentially unique and interesting; looking up definitions for  and  is also worthy of note. Areas for improvement are (1) better photo since depth of focus is a bit off in places, (2) more discussion of measures for creativity, and (3) involving more people in the project including looking at other submissions for comparison. I learned upon reflection on my submission and after peer reviewing two others that (1) my height and T value were relatively higher than I expected, (2) my description of my creativity assessment should have been more complete and included criteria along a few dimensions, and (3) I was a bit harsher on my self assessments.The   is very attractive and a creative pyramid. your metric value is outstanding. You have created a higher metric value  in minimal attempts. With your innovative attitude you could have achieved more with a little interaction with your friends.I am inspired by the pyramidal .That is a tall  . I liked the corner you chose, with walls of colorful music disk cases; this adds a frame to your  . In the background, although light adds to the image, that object (an exercise bike?) is a distraction. From looking at your , I learned that a light colored foundation was a good idea."Hi,Its amazing how you prepared yourself to do this job! You looked up interesting shapes and thought of different ways to keep your  high and stable, you also provided lots of information to do with your ing proccess while doing the exercise which was very useful. What I found unique was how you used heavy s at the bottom and continued building with lighter and smaller s at the top also, I thought it was a very good idea to tie the s up with laces so that they wouldnt fall apart. For the next time I would suggest that apart from the structured, prepared and organised way of creating, you also use some spontaneity and randomness in your work, there is no need to  everything through so much, let your mind come up with more unprompted ideas! I liked your  a lot and I was fun being able to evaluate it,Wawa""Good job. The result was a powerful light . Used a little different, different styles of s and the peak of the  just fine. A good style to structure a strong foundation and a light top. The result was a  with a large value of T. A perfect mix of different combinations of pairs of s. I was not at home women's boots to put Rush . So Learning together on))""I like your , different s, different colors, this makes your  beautiful. And using s vertically also is a great idea. I also like the foundation, it is important for a  to have a good foundation. The foundation is thick and the way you have put the top  adds more beauty to your .I just  you could have used less s for the foundation.Good job..."It's very stable and it seems so cool.The way of putting the s is interesting .But I  you can change the s' color to make the  more beautiful.At last,I learned from your submission that each try can give us many good ideas and help us do better."Originally I had a longer assessment but it turns out that there is maximum of 256 words so i have had to cut some corners in the text.The slipper approach is original, you make good use of the design strengths or both the basketball  as the slipper.The answers and project outcome are compact, to compact maybe, it leaves the feeling that more would have been possible.Maybe neighbors or the people that scored your  could have help adding slippers.Another suggestion could be laying the other basketball  on it's side below the other, or maybe 2 extra s in a 69 position to make a platform?You are short-selling yourself on the beauty-scale though; the logo of Adidas is coming back in the Adidas like white stripes of blue slippers, so there is conformity in the design.The stripe emphasizes the  structure.The creativity scale is certainly not an over-estimation, but don't forget the value you want to reach: a 6 or e.g. a 9?I'm also curious why the other plans weren't used as you state they were taller. Maybe it is semantics or language syntax between the two of us but as i understand you did build higher s in the other attempts with more s..We are just beginning this course and exercises like these are clearly meant to reflect mindful on our own creativity.I hope my comments will help you in this process."" I'm very fortunate to appreciate your  .It's very good to build it in that way.. The metric really surprised me.  And I agree with you that you can build more beautiful   if you have enough s.As a feedback provider, I learned that specific plans in mind is a key point of building  . If you  more deeply . you have more ways. That's all. Thank you!  I'm very happy to appreciate your  .It's very good to build it quickly. 6 minutes really surprised me. And you said you have attempted 3 times.Why not have a more try? I  you can build more beautiful  .as a feedback provider, I learned that time is a key point of building  . If you build more quickly. you have more chances. That's all. Thank you! P.S: Grade 7"There is a large number of s used in this project, and it was inspiring to see the whole structure stand from all the angles.Well done! You obviously put a lot of effort into it, I like how you included pictures from all your tries. It was fun to see the evolution of the project. I don't have any suggestions for improvement- it is perfect :) Obviously a lot of work was put into it, since the student made several structures. I liked them all, the only thing I thought maybe it could have been more difference between the first and second attempt. "I love my work.I was resourceful finding s that were going to the recycled yard, so I helped the environment in a good way, elevating old and ordinary s and converting them into art.I did not have any revisions, I made 6 different s and it was amusing and fun.I learned that we all are connected. That nature spoke to me. That thoughts have movement and rhythms, and a yearning for everything that moves. That creating is a sacred art."this was done pretty well.furthermore, the creativity and the non relenting aspect caught most of my moment. i could imagine a real  built in this shape. invariably, i have learnt that creativity comes from within, its just like a work of art, bringing out your imagination/ thought."the  have strong basic structure..nice workthe  is very colourfull."I like the structure, it is very artistic. But, it will be more beautiful if I arrange the s with better color pattern. I learn that by building   you can put your imagination as high as possible, because it will not harm anything and we can try it several times until we get the better result.nice idea..but i  it was against the rule to put s near the wallFirst,this  has a very solid base and adopted the stability of the layers of dense packing.Though it was a  which has strong traditional significance,but it has a grest deal of innovation and breakthrough in modelling especially it has a modern-styled top.But this structure has a big wekness that it need more s that may cause the waste of resources and make the T value down.I learnt from this  that in the process we not only need a "engineering" thought,but also need a creative mind to breakthrough the ming-setting.Beautiful idea. This is very simple, indeed, but very efficient. Also, there are three separate colors, but putting the white in the top gives an idea of something original, some kind of white flag. Great! I feel like it looks good and one vertical structure with less supports. So I feel like I achieved a good height with minimal number of s. I really enjoyed seeing your ; then reading the description made it better. I like the idea of " houses"- you built condos! Talk about ing outside the box (no pun intended). Your project did not follow the instructions though (no extra materials), but I still  it's great. Wow, both  and approach to building it is so similar to mine! However, you're much more enthusiastic about it and made more attempts than I did and use more mathematical approach. I rate your  beauty and your creativity high. Only if you were targeting higher T value, you could have tried to make the  shorter (to keep it balanced and to prevent it from falling) but with more s fixed vertically. Well done!"I find the  colorful, beautiful and solid. The photo is well taken and interesting I would title it ''4 seasons at home''.Nevertheless, bearing in mind its poor T value it's not really efficient. Once I discovered the value of the firsts s, I had to repeat it much more times that I really did and I had to try more different structures as well.I have learnt that I should be more persistent to become more creative and get better results.""Looking at your , I  you tried to build a really strong and tall  . This is a nice try and really creative.Did you  of using different colors, type of s and places to take to picture ? Next time you create something,  of everything. Think as you were the judge and what would you do to give the best project. By ing like that, you will improve your work.You've done a great job ! Good luck for next exercices.""1. I really enjoyed observing the different attempts you and your family made.2. I quite liked the pyramid structure I  that looked the most creative and beautiful as you balanced the structure symetrically. The stacking   was also very creative and you got the s to a good height!3. It's interesting how many different ways you can build a  and how we all  differently when given the same task.4. I found that others had used the laces and straps of the s to bind their structure together - I didn't  of that myself!""Positive: Your  is well thought out and constructed the best way you could using the materials available. I admire your creativity and design choice. Unique: Facing the s in different directions to create a stability is unique and very smart. It adds to a personal design as well as solves a problem. I admire that you started with a plan and revamped when necessary considering materials and stability.Revision: You could possibly consider stuffing the s inside of each other to create height. However, completing the structure with the s pointing upward extended the . This was a great choice.Education: From reading your submission I learned that a plan is important. It is also important to use the materials available as effectively as possible to meet the needs of the design. I learned that it is not necessarily about the amount of s but about creating a stable  structure with design qualities that meet the needs of the assignment."Okay you missed the pore work place photographs of the other s.I was out of s so I could not use more parts in my structure. Even I could not upload the picture due to systems errors in my laptop. May be with more time I could do better. I love your rubber s collection. 78cm and just 14 s, that's tall! Sorry but I can't seem to understand the word 'retweet.' I see that you really value your creativity, you rated your design 8:) That's good. Firstly, it is a good structure and looks very attractive as the base looks realistic. The bottom s look cool. It seems to be tall enough and stable which is wonderful. I dont find any downside to this but could have given yourself about 7 or 8 on creativity. :)Good work. your work is so impressive and perfect.You have very good creative knowledge."At very first glance I appreciated the symmetry you achieved! Placing s front to back as well as upside down layer by layer!The  ratio 4.28 is great considering you used just 7 pairs of s!I really do not know what else I could suggest- you have done well considering the paucitiy of material. From you I learnt that planning, based on your resources and then experimenting gradually till you achieve satisfactory results. Thank you!"I like the idea of the construction with two s which connects at the top to one . I  you build the tallest possible  with your s. Your type of construction didnt promote the T-Value, so i  the T-Factor of your  ist relatively low.Good Job my friend. You didn't use too much s but I  it was difficult to put that s above your towel! That's why I will give you a good rate! Congratulations!"1.This classmate made full use of the length of s, using less s to lengthen the .2.The way that putting the heels inserted into the lower s to made the  higher and stabler was very creative.3.Maybe you can use the rest of s to made the top of  more innovative.4.I learnt from the  that we should made full use of the feature of the material we have to create. "First,this  has a very unique top which was made by two high-heeled s.And the overall modelling is very chic and reached a very high T-value.Next, this  did not like other s which has a rule.But third,these s were tied by lace which was not allowed in the exercise. From this work,I learned that whenever you do something,try to outside the box and find something new.Good job on this  ! My recommendations would be to consider ways to further your work using a principle like "Intelligence Fast Failure." With this I mean that you can try alternatives and continually modify your efforts until the  gets bigger and better. However, I like your . It is more unique than some that I have seen -- it kind of looks like the Eiffel  in Paris, just out of s!"When I first saw the picture of your  the words 'Christmas Tree' came to my mind! and lo and behold you mentioned it! So give yourself a pat on the back for translating your vision into reality!What is unique is the fact that you wanted to reach the 100 cms mark and even dismantled the structure to reach your goal.If I may suggest that the pink / colourful ladies s could be dispersed in between the black/ dark mens s - from the photo it appears that all the ladies s are stacked on the right hand side.  So the colour balance is skewed entirely to one side.I wish to commend you on the dedication to the assignment. From you I learnt that you need to diligently plan the  creativity project - you spent almost a day ing through and planning the project. Also having a picture in mind 'Christmas tree' of the end result. It will help me in planning my next assignments better. Thank you! ""Hello,I can feel you make a lot of efforts here but the problem is I can't see the pictures.I use a little bit imagination of ""spiral"".It images good.""I could not open the attached link for photo. from the description I could find that he build a triangle shaped structure, this is again an interesting postion to stack s. ""Positive: Your   is successfully standing with 6 s. You did an awesome job considering stability while using only a few s.Unique: I find it interesting that you used tennis s for most of the  then topped it off with a flip flop. I wondered if you did this for aesthetics or balance.Revision: While the   is complete your responses could give more details on your process throughout the assignment. I would have liked to gain more insight on how you developed the  , how you chose the s, and the steps that led you to each iteration. Education: Being that you did not give much insight on your process there isn't much I can learn from reading your submission. From this submission, I learned that submitting minimal details does not allow the reader to engage in the process of creation along with the creator.""P : Good height of the , comments are concise yet show a fairly good understanding of the exercise, humble self-ratingU : This  looks a bit like an ""organised disorder"", which is nice to meR : Would have been good to try more/different ways to pile up s, notably to get a higher T numberE : Rating someone who did the same creative exercise showed me that everyone has its very own way to create something, even when identical instructions were given."my   is totally shitugly and disappointing poverty of creativityI'm very ashamed."Well done, I appreciate your efforts. I wonder how you collected these many s. really great! I found unique about your out of box ing. (added slipper in the top of your toursI would like to add few subjection for this . Instead of accumulating s like this, if you could have arranged it properly then this  can be little more taller than the given one.I was also inspired by the given work and I learnt that all of us are unique in ing."10/10 Love it. It is the best thing I have ever done."P: The student is artistic and displayed a unique approach to the problem.U: How the student overcame the obstacle of not having enough s.R: Several more attemptd at building the   might have produced the desired geometric shape.E: The student displayed effort and is willing to  beyond their boundaries.""Great T-value!It's interesting that you did not focus on height.It might be better to focus on more challenging goals in order to find creative solutions.I learned that sometimes it's easier to reach goals by selecting easy goals.""I  the  aesthetics is very good, the colour blend is awesome, the base area too was well constructed for stability.I thought it was interesting that the person understood structuring, i suppose it basically helped with been able to construct in just one try.My opinion is is that the  could have been higher I the T value given the number of s. if the student had tried more time I believe a higher height would have been attained.i gained some insight on structuring."Some interesting ideas on the design of a hanging  that tells a story about a person and their history and life experiences. I  this is something that would be a great prompter of conversation within the home. I noted that most of the questions weren't actually answered but rather a personal reflection on their ing - but that may have been the overall purpose.I like your , and how you spent different kind of s, in different positions. Good work!!! I rate your work with 9WOW! Your   is soooo tall  !And i love the rain boot idea  ! looking at the picture ,I  it is quite stable . You tried to put them at every direction to make them stable .Actually ,at the same time you make the  beautiful . But I guess you are able to make it more beautiful in colors or something .(maybe not thid tall)From the submission as a feedback provider,I want to say your  is really neat and tall.That is what i should improve my   FINALLY ,Congratuation for the fantastic work !!!This is, compared to what I saw so far, with 11 pairs of s, quite a high . I still like the appearance of the photo which was a part of the creative process.this   is amazing,you gays used the most simple way to built the  ,this is very ingenious.what if increase the base  number,the  will be more high?anyway,I have great benefited from your design.Te recomiendo ser un poco mas ordenado y mas objetivo ." I'm very happy to appreciate your  .It's very good to build it quickly. 6 minutes really surprised me. And you said you have attempted 3 times.Why not have a more try? I  you can build more beautiful  .as a feedback provider, I learned that time is a key point of building  . If you build more quickly. you have more chances. That's all. Thank you!P.S: The grade I give is 7""It's a nice . I  it's not the tallest, but it's good. II like, but i  you can improve it. I am sure You can do a taller .I liked how you have learned about the fails.""It was interesting to see what the two peers I reviewed did.  They went with simple and direct with more of a focus on asthetics.  Based on those submissions, I appear to have ""muscled"" my way through this exercise.  Focusing on bigger is better as the main criteria for success.  I also wonder what the bell curve for this group would be with respect to their self rating on their level of creativity.  The two I reviewed both considered themselves a 7.  I went with 8.  I wonder if the group is evenly distirbuted or skewed toward the high end (7 - 10).I used a lot of s.  Many more than was used by others.  I wonder if they were  poor and considered that a restraint?  I sure didn't  of the number of shows, or even gravity, as a constraint.  They were challenges to overcome.My only ""critical"" feedback to myself is that while I tried and failed many times, I got stuck on one way of doing the  and all my attempts were rifts on that way vs. ing of something completely different: using a triangle, using a Jenga model, putting toes of s in heels of others, considering other venues, etc.  So many different ways to go but I just kept expanding one idea even if the result was a success in my eyes.""you make good use of what is available and wanted them to be a cake-like ,good of you.they do like a pyramid .but you could do more on the shape of the ,because it looks so messy on the first sight."I really liked the structure, and am amazed that it managed to stand. It is also color coordinated. You are great. I will give 9.5 scale for you.I would say I made a simple  , not an aesthetic one. Since I had lesser number of s available at home, I built pretty small one. But overall, I loved building a  . "You made Good use of colour and symmetry- each layer had a different colour and matching pair of s. The Backdrop of the carpet lent beauty. The pair of s at the top, placed back to back, added shape to the  and led the eyes naturally to the pinnacle. This was a nice touch.I am curious to know in your 7 attempts, whether you tried building a  with 4 or 3 s at base and gradually tapering it to 2 or 1 at the pinnacle. You discarded the heels- may be placing a pair Heel to toe and another pair Heel to Toe and balancing them on top of some flats might have added a different layer to the . :-)What I learnt from you was the process of ing through first- you thought in terms of availability of material, how it could be useful; then you experimented and revised your assumptions. I like that and will use this process in my next assignment.  Thank You for this insight!    "Good work,  I would like to see a bigger  because that was the main reason for this challenge. But I like the idea that you are comfortable with your work. This is important. Wow, I never thought in those options. It is quite a different way to see the problems and it demonstrate your capacity as a creative individual. I  you did a great work trying to find several ways to accomplish a good result for this challenge. The only problem I see is the 3rd option because it needs an external support. It is no free-standing. I learned a lot from this submission because of it different ways of seen the problem, different ways of suggesting solutions and because it did a great job by the differences between the solutions. I love your GREAT ideas which I have never thought. the structure seems stable,and it is unusual  that you only use 6 s .but I  it is important to decide height(or the value of T) or the beauty which one you more care."it is really a great work,you reached a very high t-value!i never thought rains could be that useful,so clever! there could be more colorful rains as many rains nowadays are fashionable.i learnd that long s could do more help""It is pity only have about 30mins to work on that interesting project. But however, I have some suggestion for your  maybe you can use these advise in your next attempt ^_^.1. Perhaps to make s stand on end to reach higher height.2. Put heavier s on the base of the  such as boots and the lighter one the top such as slippers.""I  you do a proper describe about your s .In the beautiful question, I will give you a 8. You just need to change the angle of the black  in the bottom(has a little bit broken one) to make the photo better. Good Job!"Actually, my s of s are almost the same as yours. So I know you have did your best. As pictures showed, your 's base is really stable, it's very interesting. I failed for four times to find the same structure. "Your  is amazing. It looks quite high and i would not have thought that it would keep the balance. You also stack them on the s sides, which results in a slightly better T value and gives better stability.The idea's to the coloring of your  you had was really impressive and unique.You actually made quite few attempts on building this . I was rather surprised that you did not try various other ways of stacking the s or increasing the T value (mostly by not making the  larger but smaller). You really showed me how one can give such a profound thing like a  a meaning. I have to admit that simply by looking at the  i would not have gathered the intent you had, but with your discription in mind it really gave the  beauty.""Hi,I like the way you composed your , I loved the appearance, I also enjoyed reading what you wrote. What I thought unique, what I didnt see in any other  was the triangle at the top as well as a matching colour pallet which I liked a lot since blue is my favourite colour  too :). What I would look out for in the next exersizes is too much self-confidence. You should also maybe not only compare your  with others on your own but also make sure your comparing isn't too biased by e.g. asking friends or family members for their opinion. Apart from that, I would assume this exersize was a success ;) Wawa "I explained the technique well, and maybe my technique of starting with a large base was unique, but it certainly wasn't terribly successful in making a good ratio. I learned that I need to give myself lots of time to experiment and have fun to be successful in creative tasks.Very beautiful and ingenious build. It is quite tall keeping in consideration the number of used s. It is very interesting that this structure still is in equilibrium. "the first Im sorry that probably I will make more and more mistakes for grammar or other...1.In fact,the pictures could not display.2.In the begining I have same  with you.then I  we try to do our best.that's great!Er..how tall was your show 3.Give your work a nameI hope you can~4.maybe you can paste a URL for us~""Your ing is detailed where you have noted all aspects, like  color and their resemblance to object while making the beautiful .This is a great idea that no one might have thought of two s, one for height, and other for beauty.You have honestly rated yourself, the  that you have considered for beauty, has lot of room for improvement in architecture beauty. Although it was not explicitly mentioned to make just one , but implicitly one  was required considering height and beauty both.This exercise helped you to find out your area of expertise that needs enhancement, i.e., Creativity & Innovation, hence, you have learned the importance of the subject you are studying. You won't find interest and feel commitment to the subject that you don't find important.Wish you good luck for future exercises for completion of this course, with a wish that you implement the learning in your practical life.""I am from Buenos Aires, and doing this in English is a little difficult for me . I hope you can understand me.   First of all, I value your commitment with the task. Through your presentation I can see your enthusiasm. Your have built two s .I loved the idea of nature , It was very original. But your high  is even easthetically (is correct that term?)  nicer than the other. I can notice that you were very concerned about the beauty of your projects,On the second  , you had another  and you did not use it. I  it was a good choice. I do not know if I could reject that extra  to make a higher . Sometimes I structure myself in the given task. If it says all s I must use all s. I believe you took a good choice. Congratulations!""Your  s sound great. Unfortunately I can't see the photos. From the description, if you have created a 43 cm tall  with only two s, that is simply great. I would have loved to see the pix.perhaps if you had added the two s to your other  many s, you could have created a really tall .I am amazed that you are dedicated to take the time off and build two s.""As the structure is good, clear build from bottum to top, the structure is well. The top of the  gives the  the finishing tough I do like. this is the unique selling point of the .What can be improved is the quality of presenting, the  picture is not clear, build the next  in the open (outside) or use a better camera to improve the total presentation.If you take this in mind your  will be perfect.""The creativity and structure of my   was done well. What I found interesting about it was the height of the  .I learned how to be more creative and constructive when making a show .Some room for improvement is to improve the base of the  ."The positive thing for the s is the hight. Considering the small amount of s used, the T formula has a very good score for both s. Despite the fact the s look unstable it is noticable that they could stand pretty long without falling down for taking pictures. Suggestions: ask other residents for more beautiful s, maybe the result would be more esthetic when trying some more attempts. I learned that despite the  looks chaotic it still can be a very stable construction by using few s.this is the first time i use the  to do such things,it is pretty good and funny.it make me to decide the height and the beauty which is more important.i failed many time but so many failures in this short time made me learn quickly."good idea! but why not you add s and add and add ... I want to see a VERY high  bulit like this structure, that must be amazing!!!"You did a good job at describing the construction of your  . And from the photograph, it looks to me like a very stable structure. I wondered if you deliberately posted the photograph with the floor at the top, to challenge perspectives? While it is good to have pride and confidence, I  awarding the aesthetics and the creativity 10/10 doesnt leave room for improvement; there should always be a further goal to reach for!"Interesting! You have tried at least 4 times to build your . Good job! Also, you noticed the difference in the strength/softness of materials that you used (i.e. the s) . You distingusihed between old s and new ones. Something interesting in your work that you have not mentioned is changing the direction of the s in the layers used. This added strength to your structure. Good luck :)"It was a very good  , The way he put the  was interesting , But it doesn't deserve 10 out of 10 it is normal and dosen't have a lot of  s and it is short , try next time to build taller and better one After looking at attempts others took, I would say, I was able to figure out them early enough to make a good score. I could place the s inverted to make it stabilize. I should attempt more to foster innovation and new thoughts.  It is indeed a unique work and very creative outputI like your , it's interesting that all the s used are of the same type which apart from being a little easier to build with makes a different style and shape from the other submissions I've seen.  I  if you'd spent a little more time on it you may have achieved a taller or prettier , I would agree with the 6/10 your friend gave you.  I also  if you'd spent a little longer on it you could have given yourself a higher creativity score.  Overall I do like this and it has shown me that not all  s need to made out of different types of s."My   is a well balanced one.After having reviewed 3 other   I don't find any unique element in my  .Many improvements could have been done on this   of mine like adding more color to it and trying out different shape .What I learned from this submission was that to try and that bringing innovation in what you do and trying to do something different or something in a different way is of no harm. I would give it a 5.5-6/10"Great! It just looks like what I' ve done, I  maybe put a  in a vertical way could add its height."I liked the process of being inspired by others ideas and building on them. Talking about how the exercise made me feel (e.g., in pain, my love of Jenga) set my reflection apart from others Ive read.Harsh self-assessment scores, but little thought put into the justification for the score given. It was a gut feeling.Next time let beauty and others perspectives inspire you.Interesting to see how others assess themselves and why."I like the delicate style of my . With a low number of s a high T value could be obtained. For improvement the learned strategies to build more stable s could be applied. Moreover, I was inspired by my peer-reviewing to give my creation more symbolic meaning."I've done a great job as a beginner in the   industry :-) I  it was the first time in my life that I've built a  with s so it was not bad at all. I  next time to improve my creativity, I'll  of different aspects such as the colors, the curves and the place where the project will be taken.I would rate my exercice to 7 because of the structure."Congratulation! you have done so nice. Your s  is so unique, I have never  of building a  of your design i.e placing s that much vertically. It is a lesson to me next time. Congratulation!!"I find this  a result of a number of trials and a perfect one.My friend is able combine all kind of strategies in connecting s each other in both horizontal and vertical directions. The unique feature of this  is its block shape,which resembles modern constructions.I find that a neat arrangement could have made the  much beautiful. From this ,i am learning the power of continuous practice.  ""HI,Firstly I would like to congratulate you on completion of your exercise. I see you have given nice try with those colorful s. I specifically like the base of the model with 4 pair footwear, it provides a strong foundation for a tall , great ing. But don't you feel you could have further increased you height of the . I feel you can do much better and may consider my suggestion for the future exercises.All the Best :) !!!""    From the others' s,I suddenly have quite a lot different ideas and I've learned how them work.    Compared with others' ,I still  my design is a pride of me.It has a good looking while its' 'T' value isn't so large.""i  the creativity was more than what you judge for yourself as i see a creative spark in your .the  i liked about it was the use of flip flops and haw they were all clustered together to form the highest structure as possible.the only  i felt that the number of s were missing. you could have added more of the s and made a higher  making the t value to be constant around 8 only as you would have done it easily coz you have creativity skills in you. if it was a more number of   then i would be highly impressed.""Well done, you did a good job. I like how you used stiff s and the idea of the team work.What if I told you that if you used 5 s you could have reached a T value of 14.2. Creativity comes from finding the problem, gathering and studying it, find a solution, and iterating this solution to get the best one there. I  if you tried more and more you would have came to that conclusion that it's not about increasing s number it was about the right amount of s. Keep up the good work.""Great height!The solution using light living room s at the top is unique. The combination of brain storming beforehand and reacting during the building process is interesting.It might be worth to focus more on maximising T.I learned from this submission that creativity can benefit from using diverse strategies together (planning + reacting during building).""Originally I had a longer assessment but it turns out that there is maximum of 256 words so i have had to cut some corners in the text.You used many kind of s and clearly made use of the different strengths of each  design.I would be curious for a picture from another side as it seems now that every balances on a flat surface on the small top of the silver s.I  you maybe had to take the picture very quickly when it still balanced :-)You are short-selling yourself on the beauty-scale though;It is very colorful and the  on to looks like the rest is just a original pedestal to sell this show!The creativity scale is i  could be 1 higher, but don't forget the value you want to reach: a 6 or e.g. a 9?I am jealous that it only took you 15 minutes, i wonder though, if you had spend more time, more of your creativity would have surfaced.We are just beginning this course and exercises like these are clearly meant to reflect mindful on our own creativity, so good luck and fun with the other exercises.I hope my comments will help you in this process.""Bad, not creative, and constructive.Not unique and interesting at all.Don't have revisions for this terrible  . It's as bad as it is.Terrible work."Dear Peer 1, My rating to your   would be 8/10. I found great amount of neatness and clarity in your  . It was quite impressive to understand the pictures you shared while your   was progressing. What I found quite interesting and as an idea to myself that you have utilized the combination of s in a manner that front flat portion of the s have been used as a base and an extra portion at the base to give extra support to the . "I really like your prioritized outline in the beginning of the assigment! It helped me understand that you were operating under the constraint of the available number of s in your house and that you approached the task in a quite different way than I did.Especially interesting is that you stacked the s in a # pattern and that you ended up using all of them.What I would like to have seen in your submission an even better explanation of the different attempts you went through and which changes you made to your design. What I learned from your submission is how differently each one of us perceives that same assignment. Also, it was interesting to me that you had a higher priority of using all the material, rather than building the tallest ."You tried well.. however you could have tried even more structures"1. Good to see the symmetry. The  is aesthetically appealing. 2. Use of flats on the top and in the center is interesting.3. Just a suggestion, that you could have chosen a neutral background for the click and could have explored the possibility of having tilted base to increase the height.4. Looking at your design has offered me some insights into improving my own design. "It's an acceptable work since there was not any more s available at the place :D"Very beautiful , geometricaly structured and done in such a short times and with very few s ! I like the pyramid aspect to it, the stability of the base and the was the two last s. To top it all, I would've tried to add one last  on top. Difficult attempt I must admit...Even though you used sneakers, you did your best to give your  some grace : as if strong men were at the bottom holding a ballet dancer.""First,I  this  is  beautiful and better than the first attempt.Keeping  balance in sandal and many kinds of s is not a easy thing.She have a coherent thought,also.Second,the most interested thing to me is the different color,it make the  lively.Finally,I love it!"this is very very creative. nice job done. more would have been done if more s "In this submission it has been considered:- Different aspects: not only height, but also beauty- Measure: not only the parameters (height, number of s, and T value) but also rates like: number of attempts, number of revisions/attempt, estimated and dedicated time/attempt- Conclusions of the work- Images for the main resultsI  the process it's been well done. Maybe I could consider being more patient to get taller s, having into account that height was the main (although not the only) aim to get.Also, I could give more detailed explanation about the process, supporting the images.Well done! Keep on!""well i  it s ok what i have done as i said but it could be beetter i am a creative person in generally i gave myself 9"Delete darker darker dkdldld dkdldld old. Dkdldld d,dkdldld dkdldld, dldldl"Good job getting the really high t-value, and considering the alternative t-value was an interesting innovation. In addition, good marks for planning. However, it is possible that I took the t-value rating a little too seriously. This really reduced the degrees of freedom and room for innovation. I like how different builders made very different s based on having access to different types of s. Despite the differences, the total heights were in a fairly tight band."Looks like a very sturdy structure. Nice job getting your whole family involved. I like the way you made some of the s vertical. Good ing!"What I liked was the shape of the , the curving was pleasant and much better than a box.  While I suspect others will have gone for a similar solution. ie a circular base I  that your interlocking, which in effect mimics a spiral, will be something that people will not get.Just as an aside I  you have been very harsh on your ratings of your efforts, beauty is subjective but as an engineer I find your effort both functional and clever and its cleverness is its beauty. I  the biggest thing I learnt was a few words can go a long way, and not to have a cat."" I am happy to put a review on this  ..! your 5 star ! .. because the sender says built it with son and daughter... then really it would be a kind of fun for them. I feel children have more creative string than us...Its just a suggestion.. if the picture would be much visible...then it would be nice!Yet again... its an interesting  of 70 cm with 16 s..""I like the creativity of the scrabble letters!  The contrast of the blue and black colors made it easy to read as well.  I commend your efforts on your  , as your result is pretty creative!  I read that you spent 6 hours on this.  I'd like to encourage you to take many breaks and ""walk away"" from projects after a few failed attempts.  Take another day to  on it... ideas will come.  Come back, perhaps fail several more times, then walk away.  This worked for me when I began feeling frustrated, and not enjoying the exercise at one point.  It all comes together easier with a fresh start after the breaks I believe.I'm glad you didn't give up, and were able to complete a cute idea for your project!  Good job!""Very simple work could be seen from my  , after all the attempts of making the complicated ones.Simple, stable and not-that-bad looking.This   could still get better and taller, probably I'm not that patient enough to spend too much time on the making of this  ?If you could maintain your stability of your , you could definitely improve and enhance your  better."I don't quite understand this submission. I  the student might have been trying to  outside of the box to create a higher T value by using just one . In order to gauge the validity of this approach, it would be necessary to determine the definition of a . According to http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/ a  is "a tall, narrow building or structure that may stand apart from or be attached to another building or structure". For the purpose of evaluation, I will have to say that I personally feel the submission does not meet the above definition as it is not "tall", even though it's T value is exceptionally high. It is most certainly unique in every aspect. I  the aim of this task was to experience the process of Intelligent Fast Failure, and if the student really did try 6 times before ending on this unique solution, then the task was successful.For me,  it is not an aesthetically pleasing solution. From this submission, I learnt that every task is relative to your interpretation of the terminology and aim of the task. It was excellent that you tried many times and came up with this design. It's very neat and organised. The only thing I could suggest is try to add more s, but it looks like your  height was limited by the number of s you had at the time. I learned that you can do very well with just a few s...Its quite good.It can be easily repeated.I don't know it's your strength or drawback.But I  it is not criteria of deciding its creative value.color combinations are good Vertical arrangement gives height.overall OK.If some other s placed vertically then it will definatly increase height & beauty.  .I  I made a good job. My  was really beautiful comparing the s I have seen!I could've done it better, if I have to repeat this exercise again, I would try to use boots as a base and build up the  on top of it, also I would take more risks and try different models and explore my imagination more, perhaps a sketch will help to put thing in perspective"Hey!Nice job you have got there! I was really amazed how you went through the same plans as I did, and got the same conclusions about the  as well: how base works, how vertically positioned s could get you more height and so on. Really nice!It was really nice how you assigned different uses for different types of s. I believe that this is the essential part when you learn with what you got, and then create. Don`t evaluate yourself badly based on your attempts to  of different s before trying it! You have to try it first! You proved what I just said, as you reported that you would stop building the  but then realized that you could make one better - that`s creativity, in my opinion.I will rate your creativity at this work, 8. You did studied what you were doing and did the best you could with your resources. You attempted, failed and learned! And I'm sure you would do something better with more resources.As for your design, I would rate it 7. I saw that you cared about its design, putting the stiletto in the middle, as well as the symmetry you left pairing the s. As I said before, I bet you would design something better with more resources.I hope you can take something good from my evaluation and that you enjoy the course as well as I am doing!See ya!"Really creative. and it appears like a  with clear demacation of floors.The use of the high heeled red s gives an immediate focus to the eye and adds beauty to the assembly. I am wondering if the s in the middle of the arch are necessary for stability or could they have been used to gain a bit more height? However it's nice to see how you have used balance between the various pairs to gain a good base for the  and achieve such height. I  ladies s seem to lend themselves to interlocking structures more than men's!"I'd like to congratulate you for the feeling of accomplishment you have got, just acting! It often happens we don't give the needed importance to the fact of acting, of doing things on ourselves.The thing I consider interesting about your , is how you have constructed it with 7 s if you only have three pairs!!!??? There is something that you should look over: the T valuation. If you have a s  of 46cm with 7 s, your T value is 46/7 = 6.57I would have appreciated having some pictures about your .""Dear colleague, I congratulate you on the effort you have put into this exercise. In order to put into the peer review system, you had to complete the exercise in a shorter period (1 week). You have also answered all the questions pertaining to the reflection. Your   looks beautiful. To me it looks like a conical mound. After seeing your  's picture, I looked up ""conical s"" on the internet. There is a ""Great Zimbabwean Conical "" in Zimbabwe which is a world heritage site. The writer mentions that one of its purposes is as a symbol of ""prosperity"" as it resembles a conical mound of grain which in turn represents a bounteous harvest and plenty and prosperity.I was interested in how you used three s at the base which gave the structure both its shape and stability. I used only two in one attempt and one in another attempt. In terms of suggestion, I would suggest that you try vertically orienting the footwear at the top. This will give greater height and a higher T value without disturbing stability too much. In conclusion, I thank you for teaching me how to build a  with greater stability (more s at the bottom) and great beauty. I wish you what your  represents ""stability, elegance, plenty and prosperity"". With regards, Your colleague in the CIC course."The participant has completed his project in the peer review system which has a smaller time-frame (1 week). He has also answered all questions pertaining to the reflection. I commend him for the above. His submission shows that he has put in an effort and demonstrates understanding of the IFF concept through actual experience. He demonstrates how he used each experience as a learning step in the creative process. He demonstrates attention to aesthetics by commenting on the shape of each structure that he builds. One feels that he could "stretch" himself a little more to discover his true creative skills. In conclusion, providing this feed back has taught me how to appreciate the efforts of a fellow human being and how to be "critical" (interact/suggest) without being offensive. "The student has managed to perfectly describe the process of construction of the particular   and the attempts and difficulties that took place in between. Very well done!I found the addition of a picture to be very interesting as it left no doubt upon the student's efforts and hard work. The end result was clear to see.""Your  is cool. It seems very stable and amazing just like Pyramids. I have never thought that the s could form a cube structure. Keep trying and succeed.That's just the spirit of innovation. According to the guidelines, I should be ""critical"". So I'd say your  could be taller with less s, though now the  is fine. I've learned some ideas from your design.Please excuse me if there are spelling or grammar errors for I am not a native English speaker. But I am trying to improve my English level now. "Student,  I love the look of your .  To me, it really "looks" like at . The woman's  you chose to place inside the boot is a unique effect. I am surprised that your base is simply the force of each  against one another!  It is balanced perfectly!!! I wonder if placing some more "strong" s to make a border around the outside would secure it from easily tipping over. However, In the end, your submission reminded me of the "law of gravity" which I didn't consider when doing my own. I  you did a great job!"I really like the aesthetics of your , especially that you added s that provide no other function than to make it look good (at least that's what I see in the photograph)!The most unique thing about your photograph are the two s that you added diagonally from the ground up - and also that you seem to have used socks in your construction.I would really have liked to see a truly in-depth explanation of the different steps and thoughts you went through the most important of the 15 attempts you made and to see the changes of your design over time. Also, I was wondering whether you aimed to have a metric that is as high as possible: it seems to me that you didn't, and in that case I wonder what you thought about the metric.What I learned from your submission is how radically different everyone perceives that task and its constraints.""I used a fairly precise method, which I  I communicated well.I have put the building of a   in context - and commented that it is not, overall, a priority for me. As such, I have been very honest about my approach to this exercise.I could have improved the submission by introducing a picture, although one was not an absolute requirement."I like your reflections about the process of -building. I also admire your idea of putting 3 s as a fundament for the . Unfortunately, I can not see the image with your amazing  , because, if I understand correctly with my basic knowledge of Chinese, I do not have a mailbox on this site. So I suggest you to use another file sharing site for your exercises or simply download photo from your computer, not from the Internet. Because of you I understand the importance of checkink tasks twice, so thank you.I thought the submission was extremely appealing visually. The structure is simple, yet well thought through and the T value is quite high. The design is unique, which speaks of creativity. I  the  could have been higher if more attempts were made, but overall it is a great . The submission has taught me that sometimes, the simpler route is better! I    your   is  a little large .I hope you can reduce some s and also so high! So ,try it!I liked learning about the thought process and seeing the change between attempt #1 and attempt #2. I could understand your approach and why you made the decisions you did. What is interesting is that you didn't go all for height. You felt that stability was just as important as height. I agree with you. :) What's the point of being tall if you'll just fall over when someone breathes on you! You mentioned only two attempts; perhaps in future activities that are similar in nature you could add in a few more attempts to see how your work would change (and possibly improve) after each iteration. I learned that there is beauty in symmetry.  "Positive: The individual has put in a lot of effort. His/her willingness to learn from their previous attempts and mistakes is appreciable.Unique: The no. of s and the amount of time it would have taken the individual to build such a tall structure, clearly reflects his/her level of determination and patience.Revision: Your second attempt was no less artistic. Don't  less of your efforts at any point of time.Education: I am smitten by the amount of hard work my fellow peers are putting in, in the task given. Their work and words inspire me to keep trying harder.""Unfortunately i don't have camera.So i just explained whatever i could.I have tried as much i was motivated till the end.I live away from home so i was just with my 2-3 pair of s.I need to be more consistent and having never die attitude.""The strength of the   may be the matched colors and also it seems aesthetic to me.However, the T value is lower than the other projects that I have gne through. Also there is only 1 attempt! This is not only the weakness of the Project but also a necessity for the creator (me) to increase her creative ing process!I  it is a 7/10 work. Congratulations to me.""I just need to say, the timing of reading this was amazing because I just had my first mammogram a few days ago (everything is ok). I am sorry for your loss and using your mothers s is not morbid, it is a beautiful tribute :) I have no recommendations on how to ""improve"" this because it is so honest and done from the heart! Well done!""Great work my friend, you have made your   like an art, conveying something that I never thought could be conveyed from s. You have expanded my perspective on what you can do with what you have got and taught me how not be limited by what you have been told to do.I believe the show  could have been made with a little more height improving its Aesthetics and Conveying your message better. I would give your   a grade of 7""The  really looks very solid and firm. One even can say, that it has a style - it is having a filling from gums. I like the schemes very much - they explain how it works. The only thing that works a little bad is a heavy  in the second layer from the top. Perhaps, it would be better to put it somewhere in the bottom.I really liked the layers scheme - I wish I have thought about making it myself.""Positive: First, highlight the strengths of the submission - what was done well?  Give happy comments right away, and be considerate and constructiveUnique: Next, comment on interesting and unique aspects of the submission - what did you find interesting about it? Revision: Third, be a critical friend - what suggestions do you have for improvement or revision.  The purpose is not so much to grade as to interact and suggest.Education.  Close by reflecting on what you learned and how you were educated from the submission as a feedback provider."It worked, Achieved a tall  . But not very beautiful however. Hahaha,it is really funny.u r great,it seem is like strength enough.but I  it is not highlight enough,u can do better"I really like how tall the  looks with a considerable small base of s.   126 cms is definitely a large size.I find interesting how many s were used to build the .I  the element of color should not be considered so important, since the  looks so big and well balanced.What a nice work we did, even though we did not plan too much on how to build the  the day we build it.   My daughters and I really took advantage of this assignment, because the three of us had a good time together doing something very unusual an creative."The author of the  had chosen a good strategy (putting the s in a zig zag way) to make it stand. I particularly like the esthetic touch - the blue a yellow s at the top. Perhaps the  would have been more interesting if the author had used boots. "Excellent. Your   with height of 84 cm is simply awesome, looking very hard & rigid. & the other one of 86cm has also a nice construction.I came to know the great ideas to make   by looking your s :-)"Your  looks like pyramid, and I believe it is stable! I haven't tried the structure like you, so I don't know whether yours is better than me, but your  is really beautiful and structural, I like it.You made an excellent job. My  was simular to yours. The second  was for sure more beautiful than the first one. Good Job!"First of all, I have to highlight that this  as you said is very ""aesthetically pleasing to the eye"". On one hand, the mix you did of the different type of s is very creative. On the other hand, the colours and sizes of s are very well organized. I find very interesting the shape of your  because I really thing that it catch my eyes. Finally, you might can improve with the lenght of your  and risk more with the structure. I will close by saying take my advices and learn about your other peer revisions in order to further in creativity "k k  k k k k k k k k k k This classmate could learn from the failure and tried different kinds of way to make the s  more stable which is what we want to learn from CIC--Creativity, Innovation, and Change.It is worth learning."I feel quite happy I got two great submissions. Your  is easily one of the cutest, and the structure looks strong (reminds me a little of what I built). Using only pairs looks great, and the way in which you break the otherwise perfect symmetry with the two s on top adds some sense of motion that I saw was lacking in other submissions (like mine). Those grey s are probably my favorite part of the building and the most memorable part of the work to me.Since it reminds me a little of my own , I can say that in my experience, having the base extend to both the back and the fron helps a little with stability, so I would consider turning the brown s in the middle backwards.In retrospective, you've made me realize that I could have easily improved upon the aesthetics of my work, by considering to add elements that broke the pattern I had formed.""HI,Firstly I would like to congratulate you on completion of your exercise. I must say you have build a pretty good  up there. Also good ing regarding the support structure for the . Interesting colors but wouldn't you agree that it looks a little messy just above the support and at the top with the power strip (I'm sure whether they are  or slippers). I also learnt a little through your building concept and about your creative ing, will surely try to use them in future. At last, great effort.All the Best :) !!! ""After seeing other people's , I  my  deserved 8. My  is unique in the way that how it arrange and the color composition.  Also, i try to use as little s as possible to build my . However, I fall into the trap of minimalist that limited my  height. I could have built a  more that 100cm if I am not that concern with my  count. Anyway I still  that this  best represent myself and how I want my  to be. look forward for second week!!"Balancing and colors were well done. Opening the straps of one pair of sandals to help with stability. I  your idea to make your  so compact was smart. I immediately thought of Jenga and I appreciated the smiling flip flop  on top. Only five attempts, I believe, suggests you adapted very well. I liked it, good job!"WOW You were so quick.You   is cool.But it's too short.Also,your value is wrong because it was not pairs .IT was s."The idea of the author and unconstrained style, using high-tech projection s , the author want to spend a long time, our curriculum is innovation, creativity, and she is very good interpretation of the theme. The height is very well. I will give you 9 scale for you."After seeing two of my classmates work I feel better about my  but still it's not really a stable one, if I was designing it for an actual building I'd definitely need some cables to make it more steady. My rain boots are really flexible, even though I stuck those white sneakers deep inside them, it still need a  added on both s to make them connected and more stable, but the thing is when the top got heavier, the bottom just couldn't give it enough support so I've reconstructed the whole thing again and again, I stuck two flip-flops in between those boots so they wouldn't bend themselves easily because of the pressure from the top, and it worked, although I'd try to make the foundation using the way we build the campfire to improve its stability so I'd be able to try more ideas on it.I'm quite happy that my friends and family gave me some nice comment, they said it's really special.but as I wrote in the comment, I could've added some colors in it, so maybe next time I'd 'borrow' my mom's s for art!I still want to give myself an 8 for the time I spent and the efforts I put in this assignment ""I  is the color I chose it made the  feel more saftyIt's like a launching rocketI  I should  more widely I learned how to  widely and have purpose""6you did very well.i like it.the s  is very beautiful."I really like your "Christmas Tree". Interesting thing which I found is you have made it in just 2 attempts. As critical thing for light weight layer you have to use light s only not slippers. From your work I have learned that giving advice or comment on something is easy but make something really happen is hard.This   exercise had the basic factors lay out in advance and the measurements apt. The structure was simple and made the  elegant to achieve the desired sate. The height achieved by the simple frame work is commendable. I have learned a few tips on how to realise projects using the simple and basic techniques"Unfortunately your foto doesn't show your creation too well on my screen, but it seems neat. Congratulation for having succeeded in only 2 attempts. I hoped to find from others creation an answer how to build this  in an other than the""traditional"" way = creatively new but it seems also you cannot provide me there with an idea."Nice Try! although my  is relatively  short compared to my peer whom I have evaluate. But I have get a lesson on how to improve my s  next time."80 s in a , reflects a lot of effort that was put in , to get this  up. Also shows that you were very focused on the end objective. Really good height achieved owing to the commendable effort.Its hard to estimate if there would have been any impact on the final outcomes, however i do  a few more tries may have given you more ideas on the structure and aesthetic appeal.One key take away from your work has been your approach in working with quantity you were able to deliver the end result."Surprisingly the first try is the best in every assignment I have seen, including my own. Yours looks better than the second though it may be slightly lower. It seems there is a kind of symmetry in it that also works for the construction's stability. In a new attempt you might try doing something \with the colours of the s i.e. which color goes where. Your construction confirms my idea of getting the heavier s at the bottom as well as the method of shoving one  inanother one."This is a good self evaluation because you are honest. You weren't having a lot of fun with the s and you said so. Fair enough!Its good that you moved on to stuffed animals as a more interesting material with which to build your . It would have been better to upload a picture of at least one of your attempts, even if it was the stuffed animals instead of the s! You can break the rules, after all, its a free class! If you keep trying to do things like this you will find yourself getting better at it. Thanks for submitting the assignment.""Neat presentation!I found it well planed.The arrangement is so unique which looks like an actual .I want to suggest that if all those s are arranged it in a vertical way the  may be even more taller than the submitted work.My learning from this work is that creativity is more than being different. we can achieve it through accepting failures.   ""congratulations!you have completed your first assignment in this class!i can see that you didn't have much time to add some aesthetic feeling to your  ,but just as you said""it surely takes time and efforts to solve problem in a creative way.""so just keep the words in mind and make your next work betteractually,if i have to live in a  ,i will definitely consider yoursbecause it looks firm and safe,unlike some  s, which look beautiful,innovative but extremely dangerous to live in >  "I  my  is beautiful,because it really looks like a ! And If there is another time, I will use  boots,it's makes  higher!My grade is 8Really envy you can do this exercise in  storeIt's really high. But I like some things more.Nice job!"I am really impressed as a lot of s have been used to create a tall  and most of all stable. Very well done. I found really interesting the way it has been built, very particular, starting from a square and passing to a triangle and then layers. It would be nice trying the next one with less s in order to give the  a more tidy look, but keeping the square-triangle-layer method.I have learnt that a  can have different shapes, it doesn't need to look like a monolith. We should try to look at things in a different way, to imagine them in different ways."Well done, Shreya! You're so creative. I'm proud of you. "I like the shape of your  it is remaining me on the Leaning  of Pisa. Even if you had limited time and s you made a lot of attempts and you put quiet lot energy in the design. My favorite part is definitely the top of the  it has strong contrast. I  the style is more than 2 I would give 5 for me the  is a kind of post-modern.As far as I see you any time you focus more on design instead of height. This is not necessary bad since you still worked on creative way. But maybe in the future you should take care that even if you want to be creative do not change the goal of your jobI liked you  and your hones and sometimes too strict comments. It was interesting to se how you come up with the final solution. Beside of these I got some new idea how improve my  like change the axes or use color transition."I love the beautiful colors in the background. It is interesting that the  is in a public outdoor area. Next time, get the other s out of the image area. Also, use lighter colors, especially for the foundation."This looks like a pretty robust  . I like the way the builder used upside down s to create flat platforms for the next layer. And using the flaps of the  to stabilize the upside down s on top of the layer below looks like a good innovation. One thing I found, and would suggest in this case, was that using bigger, heavier s (for example the boots in the next-to-highest layer) made for a more stable structure.It is certainly interesting how different builders, with access to different building materials, came to very different structures. I used tall, sturdy boots to make a tall thin . Another builder used all woman's shows to create a tall, chaotic  by interlinking the heals and straps. Yours is a completely different strategy, using fairly uniform s alternating between right-side up and up-side down layers to create a very organized . ""First of all I  your   is pretty cool, I can easily give you an 6 on creativity, don't be so hard on yourself, you did a lot with so little s, on the beauty part I really didn't get that part but 7 seems fine.What I found interesting in your   is the fact that you used your boyfriend s, it's nice to see that running out of s wasn't your first choiceI would suggest to try more times, successful people try lots of times I mean LOTS until they reach their goal, maybe in another assignment you can try a few more times.I hope that you like my feedback I've never done this before, and hope you learned something as I did.Good Luck :)""My colleague had a systematic way of first visualizing what  to build knowing the different s available. He/she made use of scientific facts to help achieve the objective of the exercise. I commend my colleague for having maybe the most number of s used in the exercise, in comparison to what i have seen in the discussion forums. I would suggest for him/her to consider having a wider base to support the piles of s on top of them. I thought as well that having tried more times with different configurations would have resulted to taller s. I realized that sometimes having many materials to work with may work against you to maximize the result you want. I visualized in my mind having to stack these much s and to end up with a high T will really be a challenge requiring serious thought and experimenting. "I don't know why I can't see your work. There must be some wrong.Actually, I am not sure whether you have truly done the job."i was highly moved seeing your , as it has the strength of standing the whole day if left untouched unlike mine one which i have to snap immediately fearing that it may fall.the idea about the wings were very interesting as it added to the beauty of the , and the colour combination also made it look more pleasant to eyes.but i would like to give you a suggestion that your t value was not so profound or much impressive it is good you made the  looking at its beauty but the basic was the t value also and you could have improved it if you would have  of it more creativily.i learned from you that i also would had made a much beautiful  than what i had made now instead of just ing creativily ."Nice approach to the problem. Continue to build and go on to the next step.I wish there was a photo or a sketch. I'm finding it hard to picture how some elements were constructed (like: how were the flip-flops positioned to make them able to add to the height, and still make strong enough base?). Seems like everyone sacrificed beauty for height, but I'm glad you at least included some yellow :)l  you have done a great job, though l can not see your picture, l can still imagine the picture of your   according to your description. l  you are very confident about yourself as you rate 10 about your creativity, it means that you are a creative person, and in fact you have worked on it, l  this is very important to be creative, and l should learn this from you, so keep being confident, good luck to you.I like the composition of photo. Moreover, I admire the attempt to build one -based . I suppose the author can do more attempts with larger amount of s. It is a really interesting experience - to give feedback on your own work as a complete stranger."First I want to pay my respect to you,14 s is a lot of work.I only use 4 s on my work and now  feel that I should try more.Also,13 attempts shows that you tried hard and didnt back down.I noticed that all of your s are sandals and it may add some difficulty because they are soft.Last,I built my   by putting one  upside down into the hole of another  and it really increase the T,and hope you can try it."Great balancing act! What I like is how the high heel keeps the two slippers together. There is a blue  I do not recognize the model of how it would look one a foot at first glance, only observing all the photo's I notice they are slippers. I wonder how you got the s in balance. The nice thing is the high heel at the top. It makes an elegant topping. I find it interesting how you managed to make the structure hold, I tried something similar but it did not work. I probably need to give it more tries. Not sure how you could improve this, maybe choose the s  more by color?I really liked how my  turned out however I feel like I could've made the structure more sturdy so it would stay up better and longer. I'm really glad it held long enough for me to be able to take it's measurements and picture considering I had to remake it so many times"Your s  is very beautiful ! It's a really good idea to use the heaviest s for base and use sandals to support the  .Why not to take the boot inserted into the boot and use some s to hold the balance , i  it will work. (   )~Sorry , my English is poor () . I hope my idea can help you.Go ahead ! You will be better and better. ()"Wow, I have to say I'm impressed with persons designs. I  using the support slippers was a great idea and the varied ways the different s were built is great. From this I have learned that I could have thought harder for my own show  design."xxxxxxxxxx"The  tree exhibited extra ordinary creativity and I'm sure its one of a kind. It's unique because It suggests that this student could also take risks as the tree will fall down anytime. The ability to take risks is important to achieve success.  I would suggest that stability should be given primary importance over other factors.  Likewise reviews of peer could be sought for more ideas and diversity. I learn her the consultation with other people is necessary to produce a more productive, diversified and creative output."Always tough to self-evaluate.   The  was extremely sturdy - I threw a load of laundry over the railing forgetting the  was below and it held up just fine!  I didn't see any other ""arches"" so I'm a proud of that--maybe that was even unique.  As far as interesting, it is all in the concept as there is nothing pretty about my dirty s.Since I had a severely limited number of s, I found myself wanting to sneak into DSW (Discount  Warehouse) after hours to play.  I did have a pair of sandals and flip flops left over.  Maybe I could have used them for more height at the top.  I really only need one stabilizing boot at the bottom so the other could have been perched at the top.  Also, I scored my ""t"" value wrong as I used number of pairs instead of number of s.I enjoyed seeing all the final results and was struck by two basic themes:  1) how quickly nearly everyone realized they needed to revisit their foundation to make it more stable and 2) how the group was divided by goals of either structure, height or beauty.  My favorites are a good blend of all three.""Well done!Your   is very nice and neat.However, I  you can use more different structure models.Thanks for your share.""1. Well done on making the  as high as you can! 2. I like the creativity of using the laces to hold your structure together. 3. It would seem that more s around the base would make it even sturdier. 4. I noticed the foundation of your structure was a cross base, I used a square formation of my s so its interesting to find out different ways to construct a  ! Also just something small I learnt from doing other Coursera courses, you need to answer all the questions - for example, in the 2nd question, you missed explaining the value of the metric -  you gave the height and the number of s but not the value. It helps the others give you full marks when we're assessing each others projects.""Commendable for a high T. :) I guess what's unique in this one is that I used less than ten s--most people used at least twenty! Perhaps I should try next time to build a higher  (even if I have to sacrifice the T value) with more s. :) Creativity =   "D d de de did d did d due e did d"The  with a T value of 33 looks like the easy solution, but it clearly took many failures to arrive at that solution. It's interesting that the simple way is not always the most obvious. The  with a T value ~ 10 shows serious consideration about the type of  used, and its impact on the stability and height of the . It seems that the T value was very important, at the expense of aesthetics. Maybe it would have been fun to try one  that just looked good, rather than reaching the highest. I am pleased that I completed the assignment before perusing the different s on Google+ and Facebook. I am extremely good at collaborating and assisting others ideas in coming to fruition. One of my goals in this course is to see how my ideas and process develop when left to my own devices. I am striving to learn confidence in my ideas and methods. ""i enjoyed of what you have done i give you 9i  it s unique"This is I am sure a very innovative design but I guess you could have worked on the height. hiI am  pleased to have the opportunity to evaluate your work.From your description, I know you try to use some geometric knowledge to help you build better, more beautiful s , but unfortunately ultimately failed. I  that the importance of this game, it is difficult to rely on traditional knowledge and experience to get the greatest achievement that we should practice and innovation in order to gain greater success.The first step of creation is we have done the exercise we never did before.I  the  is quite uniform and  pleasing to the eye. It seems to get more 'diversified' as it grows in height. The splash of colour and almost playful nature of the child's  atop the browns and blacks of my s has a nice effect. I  I could have tried harder. The problem was always the boot tops giving way, I could have started with some flatter s as a base then put the boots in the middle section. wow  it's quite striking with black and just some white on top.  Impressed.  Unique because of it's monochrome properties - maybe try a red circle around it.  Just interesting how different these s can be."Tucking the heels of the  into the hole of another  is definitely a good thought of building up your   nicely for the very first step.Wonderful part of the   that catches my eyes is the highest  which was placed upside down and the structure of the   at the upper part of it.Maybe you could try challenging yourself by using lesser s as the base of your next  .I am so curious about the stability of your  , how do you do it?""You are a master of balance control,i like it.""Good job!Your   looks like a pyramid, and it is so tall!But the picture is not so clear.I'm so glad to learn that beauty is important.""This works really do very well,and we feel pretty creative."I  your   is well done--quite high without many s. I especially like the idea of putting boots on top because they are high. I put mine on the bottom for stability--your idea is much better! What could you do to improve? I don't know, try adding other family members' s? I learned that with a bit of creativity, you can achieve good results without many s..."Love the roof idea.  I never thought to go someplace other than a room in my house.  Definitely out of the box ing.It's interesting that you stopped when you were pleased with the .  It is ""less is more"" which makes it asthetically pleasing but I too agree that you could have pushed it further.  There were no minumum requirements or explanation of goal/purpose of course so I went to height as being the number one requirement.  You had other ""acceptance criteria"" so opted for a more streamlined result.  What I love about this exercise is not only was it fun but now I get to see all the other submissions and compare/reflect on what they did and how.  I wonder what we'd have come up with if we'd worked together on a submission vs. working alone.  I find the solution is usually better with other people involved (although not too many!).I tend to be a more is more sort of person so being reminded that less is more is a valuable lesson.  Thank you for that."T score is good. aesthetic rating as per me should be high.s looks really great ! Good job. Maybe just some "heavy boots" should be used. "I found the submission containing a great idea, which is combining s of all members of the family: It's a real masterpiece.I found it interesting because it used only 8 s and got to this height. Being a fee-standing structure, it's not easy.I assume that we can always be creative whenever we rearrange the s, but in this one it was not needed. The result was beautiful.I can say that I learn a lot from any submission I evaluate because it really enhance my creativity.Thank you"It's firm,but it's not very tall.Maybe I can use other kinds of s like boots anf so on."I am very happy to see that each and every question was answered with full attention. Each and every required detail was written as reply.A unique thing is that  's all floors had different colours. This thing can make  very attractive.Despite of the fact that all the answers were answered with full attention, I  uploading picture could have make this assignment  even more better. I learned that remaining calm minded and optimistic can help us in making a beautiful product/structure."Well done! I liked the engineering aspect of the solution (e.g. bracing). You could have used taller materials (e.g. boots) to have better results/taller building! I learned from this the importance of considering external/environment factors in building design."First, love your s!  I  the best part of your submission is your analysis of it.  You weren't trying to use all your s or build a tall --just a meaningful one.Aside from the fact that your s are unique, the idea of how s ""walk us through life"" is a wonderful take on the exercise.Keeping with your curated theme, I would have liked to see a bit more structure.  Perhaps you could have experimented more with arrangement so that the ""walks of life"" theme was even more visible.I viewed several submissions and reviewed three.  Interesting to know if/how a person's background influenced their .  For instance, as you did, some focused on meaning & aesthetic.  Others focused on height or ""T"" value - perhaps even to the extent of pushing boundaries and binding the  with laces.  Still others focused on solid foundations and structure.  To me, the  ideal  would be a balance of all three.  Maybe, though, even when we are being our most creative our learned bias still comes through--i.e.structure (the engineers?), beauty (the artistic?), and size (the ""go big or go home"" competitors?)""Less is more" said some year ago, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, a German architect. You made a s  with only 2 s, in your case boots. But you could tryed to made something a little bit more complicated. I give your work 8. Dear Peer 3, I rate your   as 7/10. Your   looks sturdy. Your thought of giving the  a helical structure appeared to be quite challenging. The important aspect of your  is that each  is supporting each other which shows immense collaboration."thats great that you learned from your failures. your structure is something new which refers to your creativity. I  you can make a higher and more colorful  if you have basic equipments like s and time. I have a idea: Wasn't it better if you put some more horizontal s on top of your  and then the vertical ones? this can help the strenght and height of your structure. I learn even without any idea we can begin and after a while it gives us some new plans those are more efficient."It was a fun creative task to build  with using less s and height more.Well done! It will be better to have the pics. The strategy is clear but not as creative as I had expected. I'm sure you can provide more ways to build the .I am grad that  you try different position when building the  ! I  you are creative !  Congratulations!Good ing. color scheme is great. Idea is normal. high heel on top is somewhat unique but can be better.I like the   , I   that it is the result of a well done work , the description  is very precise of what the homework was,  I find interestig the fact that  the s have been  "sorted by height/sturdiness and appeal" and the result shows that . in this case i can't be critical  because of my experience doing the homework , this    accomplish all the requirements"P: It is good to try with different approach.U: The twin  design is interesting.R: A higher  could be built if more s are available.E: To review and get to know how others built their   is a good chance for me to see the creative process as an outsider. The better job done by colleagues are also informative for me.""1. I would like to mention that you did in a great way as i tried....i.e strong base........and i am surprised you follow the strategy i used in my first attempt.....i appreciate your work... :)2. Some thing unique that i find is that the base s that are on floor, you put them nicely and left little space between them....that widen your base and it supported your ......3. The thing i would like to suggest you that....you tuck the black s in each other.....that didn't help you....i mean you didn't get much height...it would be beneficial if you would have done little different.4. I have learnt something from your  i.e widen base......and your smile :)""The strength of your  s lies in the fact that you were able to make them within so little time and without many attempts.I would give it a 6/10 5 which you have described as your best  has a unique shape which makes it appealing to the eye.Its disturbing to see that except 3 pairs of s all other footwear that has been used in making the   are either bellies or flats which were not supposed to be used in this task.What I learned from these  s is too be innovative and try and experiment .""I like your practical design and how you keep testing to perfect the . And I  you can give yourself a little more credit on the aesthetic value. I do a similar structure using canvas s and it looks way messier. On the creative side, I remember seeing one of the students uses light to project a  shadow . I  it's a neat idea. Maybe next time, we can both try not to jump into making first. We can list out all the limitations and see if we have any idea to cancel them out.  "This  has been approached with very good consideration of the "engineering" needed in order to build a strong, tall structure. It is interesting that the brown walking boots manage to sit on the summit when I would have thought that they would be too heavy. The colour is a bit mono tone (except the feature of the white boots!) and  some variety with ladies s may have added a new dimension/challenge from a stability and colour perspective. However, the result is impressive with the restricted resources."Positive is, that i really attempted many different ways of stacking the s above each other to get better results -not letting myself be stoped by failures. Furthermore i reached a considerably good T value. Unique seems to be the way i stacked my s on each other, to improve the T value most. The coloring and overall design, the beauty, did not receive much attention, which is probably visible. I should also write a bit more when commenting my own  and answer the given questions, so that peer reviewer get better insight and understanding of my thoughts. ""Firstly this   is quite colourful which is very good considering the creativity aspect of this task.The   is well balanced and I really like its shape .Its very different and much better from the   which I had built.The shape the   is unique and I wouldn't have been able to  like that.Thumbs up for that! The way the heel s have been balanced is quite creative and lends the   an aesthetic appeal. I am quite impressed by this  .Just one thing I would like to say is that I am not sure if the use of high-heel  as you have mentioned in your submission writing would have classified for this task because I consider them as sandals.None the less its a very good attempt.What I learned from this submission of yours is to  a little out of the box because while building the   I only focused on the balancing aspect of the s and when comparing yours with mine I have to say that this is much better.I would give it an 8."Well, that's a very nice one. Steady but not groundbreaking. If you could try more to reduce the number of the s at the bottom, it will be better. :)Revision: i found about my self not so good . more effort is needed"Wow, I'm impressed that you were able to complete your  quickly with just one attempt!  Your  also looks structurally sound with the way you placed the s to support the overall .  I would encourage you to try more attempts than one only to see what other s you may create.  This might help bring out creativity that you may not know you already have!  Overall, good job.  I like that you completed the task quickly without making it harder than necessary.  I learned from your  project that I could benefit from being a little less complicated as well.  Thank you for sharing!Regina Stooksbury"k  k k k k k k k k k  k k k k"(First of all,I can't understand the demand quite well that I may confuse you.)Advantages:    1.I  you have did quite an effective job for your 'T' is around 4 which   can be a large number in my opinion.    2.The way you use that put a  inside another two s to fix the   structure is amazing and bright.    3.You must be a persevering person according to the great amount of attempts   that you make.Advice:    1.Slippers are so light that you can use them for a higher structure.For example,use two slippers like '/\' on the top of your structure.    2.The s that around the bottom of the structure should lower a bit and then the  can be more steady.Education:    Thanks for providing such lively example for me which can widen my thoughts. Announcement:     After all,as a Chinese,my English isn't good enough for me to express my opinions well.However,I have to use my terrible English since I can't be sure whether you use Chinese,as well.    Please forgive me for what I haven't explain well.""Positive: a lot effort was put into the exercise to achieve the maximum height for the  .Unique: the creative style of blending the color on the   and balancing of the  with the flat s and high hill s simultaneously is unique.Revision: After seen other student exercise, I am now convinced that i can do more better, i need to be more creative in my ing.Education: I have more understanding that we can achieve anything if we put our mind and more effort to it.""1. It is a really colourful . Those flowers bring various colours and shapes on the .2. However, the basic instruction is ""No other materials are allowed besides s."" Even the flowers are just decoration.    Another suggest is that you can try to improve height or T value, not only for beauty of the .3. In fact, I treat this exercise as an engineering project. Now I know it could be an art project, and how the other people did it. 4. I will give 5 for the beauty of , and 3 for the creative level. The basic instruction violation reduce the score of creative level.""The point seems to lack the imagination to do.Practical elements in the process of doing too few.There are many things to learn, need help."The reflection of the student records with the real operation is largely about himself, he is very unique, the collocation of color and aesthetic use of the different s to a  , a great extent, let me understand that a combination of the color and aesthetics, the only, is I didn't see the picture, I'm sorry. "Compared to my colleagues evaluated by training, my  at a high level. There is a combination of various combinations of compiling s together. Used the baby s for easy top. As for drawbacks, there is no home women's boots for greater height of the . I wanted to use military boots stand for a sound foundation, but there are none at home)) I'm pretty good"According to your words,I  you are very earnest,because when you built the ,you described  in detail.so,it's just like I am was looking at you when you built it! No matter how tall the  is and how many s you used, the most important is the process.And you have a little shortcoming :why not  your  is beautiful?and the light is a bit dark,take the photo before sunset will be better.your grade is 8"My ""Babel  ""   was in the begining  a real pile of s on the floor,  and ended as a little piece of art that I can print it and hang it (I  I am going to do it) I love it because it represents a mind challenge, my point of view. I am a designer, a painter, so I want  it to represents me also. This is my first course in a USA University so is very important for me, and as I am from Buenos Aires, my native tongue is spanish. So my work has been not only doing the excercise and lectures but also my submissions must be understood. I do not know if I accomplished this.Autoevaluate my work is also very difficult because , my point of view has been so different than the others, that I do not know if it I am in the good path or I have failed misserabily.The forums were very usefull for me. So I am anxious for the week 2 !""Positive: wow, that's a serious approach! Sketches and prototyping - I've never expected to go that far!Unique: comparison to the stone pyramid. It is always important to learn from precedents. Revision: too many  s. I would choose only one.Education: I definitely learned something from a gradient  !"my colleague's work is the same to mine,but i just used 20 pairs of s and can't keep stable any more,i  we just thought about the stable,we only wanted to finish the work,lack of creativity,no interesting.Both of us shuould dare with our ideas,so take time.i will give 1"I really liked the idea of finding the inspiration for the structure in the elements of architectural styles; it's true, seems like ""Romanesque"" building is indeed the first thing that comes to mind, and changing the architectural style is definitely one of the ways of ing outside the box. Trying to draw inspiration from the people passing by never occurred to me - I focused my strategy on ideas that came exclusively from ing about the material I had at hand, will definitely try to include more of the outside world in the process the next time. One thing I'm sorry for in this design is that the solution focused primarily on the T-score; I see some very pretty colors and patterns on the s lying around in the photos, adding some of those would make the  more beautiful.Hope the finger is doing well now!""You have been really creative in approaching this problem. Your idea of putting the the tallest boot at the top supported by two others boots pushed me to share the photo of your work with my wife. It is out of the box!. I totally do not agree with you here on giving yourself 3/10 on the creativity scale. You could have improved the height of the base by placing s in layers with different direction. Your work taught me the possibility of building higher  by depeding on tall and relatively light materials (the boots!).Thank you""What a great  you have!! The colors you used indicated you are very positive person. There are many great idea you have, utilized heavy boot as the bottom of the  and slipper on top and the way you arrange your slipper on top of the . This  is simply awesome and unique with your own style. why 7?? it should at least 9 - 10. Just one point, i understand that you are try to use as little  to build your  (* what a lean startup ^^) but i  you can achieve even better height if you use more s. Lastly,it is good for me to know that there are some other ways to build the . Thank you!! "That's really interested sw end ee d WMD d eye e eye I  turning the  upside is interesting. I suppose that using the  strings isn't the same as adding string to the piece.  I reflect on this by considering that sometimes rules need to be bent for the sake of creativity!Good work. your work is so impressive and perfect.You have very good creative knowledge.I really liked this with it's gradual build up of colour.  I found it interesting - I can't  of any improvements.  It help me to see another side to the assignment.I am happy with my  after seeing the others work as well. I noticed a few similar approach to build a relatively high . Also noticed that my  has a good base where heavy s positioned in a star shape for stability. I have learned quickly while working on the  and the different building styles were tried and revised.  The base structure (triangle) looks very well, and it is aesthetic. The way it assembles looks credible and the photoshoped image helps to understand how the whole structure will be. Im not sure about the arms of "the transformer" because of the weight it has to support. From this submission i learned a new way to see the problem and I saw how resourceful my colleagues were in order to communicate their ideas.Your ability to balance the s is impressive. I like the vertical placement, which I don't  I even thought of! You may have considered the "background" to your  , which would have made the s stand out more from the red item in the second .  Nice job, especially the vertical placement! I would like to compliment you one the way you used your boots to make the . I felt you also gave a honest answers of the questions also and provided a detailed answer to each question asked clearly.The uniqueness was that how well you supported you  using small s. Also the colours was also very unique. No improvements suggested. Learned how creative and colourful a   can be."Positive: Applying IFF is good idea to start with. Which encorgese to try more methods which outcome more good result than previous  try.Unique: a more colorful collection make it some uniqueness with other. This  maximum uses ladies s. Revision: A more no of try with less pair of s to increase the   height will get more good result.Education. A balancing of   heap with more colors which make it attractive. ""Using the PURE approach to feedback: Here is my feedback on your   Exercise.Positive: First, I would like to highlight the strengths of the submission and what I believe was done well. I love how well you were able to balance that top water  at the top of you  . It help create make your  aesthetically beautiful. Unique: Next, I found interesting how much fun you seemed to have when writing your reflection answers, with all your laughter ""jajaj""Revision: The only suggestion I have as a possible improvement or revision is that I  your  would have been better if the bottom boots had not been inside the plastic bag.Education.  To close I wanted to let you know that I learned that jajaj is involuntary laughing. Thank you for this.Good luck in the rest of the course, and best wishes for continued success.Jennifer ""I believe a better   can be made out those bulks of hotel slippers. Very spectacular indeed but not much creativity in it and it takes time to evaluate the   from the picture because it doesn't look like one.Good try. I did not  of stacking the s together.""amazing! i loved the idea of the fountain and can appreciate the time this would have taken to put together!!i kind of like how you put the ""T"" factor at wayside and just went for your design! i was totally the opposite! haha!If anything at all, i didn't feel like you answered some of the reflective questions, what did you learn? I am encouraged and excited for you that you are taking on something like this as a second language, good for you!!I have learned from this feedback just how different every bodies view and interpretation of the project might be."i  my colleague used the least amount of material but the same highly finished with others, concise and beautiful."interesting"is just so-so,a little single.My colleague can add some artistic sense more.Compare with my  ,i use 20 pairs of s,but also a lack of sense of art,so i will give my collergue 7."Overall I rate my   as 6/10 on creativity, neatness, strength. I would like to bring aesthetics in my   with my peer feedback. I never thought that making a pile of s (=  ) can be so creative and intriguing. On top of it evaluating my own creativity through PURE feedback was an amazing learning experience. I came across only two types of   and am keen to understand other  s made by different students across different cultures and nations. Exploring my own creativity through this activity was undoubtedly wonderful. I believe that I got my horizon of creativity stretched through my peers. ""I really like the layering approach you used for your  and specifically your explanation of your rationale in picking materials of different stiffness/strength for each layer as you progressed!What strikes me as unique about your submission is how many s you used! And also that you thought about redundancy of one  when you calculated the metric.My suggestion for improvement is to  more about the metric itself. I don't know if you were explicitly aiming for a high metric value, but it would be worthwhile to explore what the benefit of adding an extra layer of 2 s is to the value of the metric: do you get that much of a benefit for each extra layer? If it were somehow possible to keep adding layers to your design while keeping it stable, what would the final value of the metric be, if you had no limitations of the number of s available?This is an interesting submission with a well-explained rationale of your material choice concept.""After I did some evaluation for other classmates, I still  my  is high and beautiful, even a little bit like Eiffel .Its triangle supporting base and vertical structure is very unique. I have no suggest to the structure.""The approach is good that your thought of using multiple colors to make it look beautiful. And very importantly you enjoyed the process. Looks like the  is quite widespread and is taking support of the grey wall behind it. The top of the  is not visible. May be photography could have been better.I am wondering why you said ""I would have loved to to make nothing less than 2 attempts."" In my opinion the more number of times you fall the more you learn. Having to confine your ing to build the  in 2 attempts is like capping free flow of your thoughts."According to your words,I  you are very persevering,because when you began to take photos,you failed for four times,but you didn't give up,you keep trying until you done it! No matter how tall the  is and how many s you used,as you said the most important is the process.And you have a little shortcoming :why not clean your s before you build the?Your grade is 6It  is a very robust design, but also very much the height of 72cm, the whole design three-dimensional sense, but when I see there are a few abandoned s, do not know there is no hope to be used by this design I You can also find themselves once again strengthen the  height of the , to obtain greater value T"It's great you came up with such a nice   in the first attempt! Not only has it a clear structure, it also looks like it is reasonable stable. Actually i very much like the base of your , as it seems to be the fundament necessary for that .You might have tried different ways of stacking the s (maybe even vertical), to reach higher T values. Furthermore you should make more tries. It always feels good, to get a nice result the first try, but you're aiming on training your creativity. You need to get all those ideas out of the head. The best way to do that is by trying (and failing, which probably was the hole point of this exercise).Your submission has shown very well, how different ones first ideas/attempts of building such a  can be. "you s  is wonderful and high.if you change the  shape,it would be more high.please forgive my poor English.Pretty well done. Very simple design with maximum height. Not very creative with design.  Probably too simple would be my criticism. I learned that other people put forth more effort than I did. "I  I could have been more creative, but I'm not disappointed because I'm more engaged to learn. I spent time and effort, and tried my best. I wasn't satisfied by the result but I  it was the most acceptable one after the attempts I've done.After I took a look on my peers assignments, I was more convinced that I've been creative and that there are always options to challenge myself and get to a better level. "The  is very impressive.The usage of minimal number of s to attain maximum height is really inspiring.Your patience deserves a standing ovation.putting the  of woman on the top indictes the respect for the gender and also acts as a message instead of just building a .You have answered in points which was easy to analyse and as a whole your approach has given me something to learn from you. The metric scale is really convincing. The only point that intrigued me was the number of s and asking for suggestions, or you wanted to do and learn. on the whole the   was really excellent."Positive:  the botton is imptant . My ideas is right.Unique:  simple is good .Revision  No boot no higher.Education.  the boot is important . It tell me using right tools ." still looks good to me. Though I could have made more attempts and I know I could have make it taller, even with the same quantity of s. Probably s with heels helped to improve the T value a bit. :)Your   looks awesome. But the thing I see is you have used many s. Which gave you a very low T value. You should have used the longest part of the  to get more height. Honestly speaking, your   is really nice to see. But your T value is what matters very low. But I have learned a new technique which you followed to build it. I grade you 7Has a passion and focus for building the . Good at pitching high and love the hindsight of using big s to construct. Though, I expected more details on how beautiful your s are and how you assessed it. I am able to learn from other peoples' creativity ideas, methods and strategies."I'm really happy for you that you succeeded, after all building a  with all those high heels you got is never easy, those aren't stable for walking and of course are not for constructing, if I were you I'd use those man s for the foundation (at least 3 pairs of sneakers or flats) you can try pile them up like piling up wood sticks for campfire (triangle or square-shaped) it could help you add more s on without worrying about the stability of the And about the beauty part, you do need to add some color in it, but you can also try something else on the constructing part, like make your heels stand with their tip in other s or combine two different pairs of s into a new shape, and then you just need a little bit of imaginations to tell a story about your fabulous  , I'm sure your family members would be surprised about how you see things differentlyAnyway I give you 7 for working really hard on it :)""Great design. I liked the shape of the structure. It would be nice if you tried to use small size/kids s to go for 10-20 cm more.I  you can do very good in structure engineering. "Clever and very resourceful!, This  was very similar to my   with similar height so I can appreciate the ingenuity. I feel that the lack of height is compensated by the strength and stability of its unique indestructible structure. The student might consider trying to use some of the base s as stabilizers to build a taller structure. Reflecting on this structure I learned that with a little hard work and determination you can build beautiful structures!"The way he ing is very cool: the tallest   he couldAnd the color it looks like the  can reach the sky. That's pretty coolThe same question :the same s,only color changedIshould  widely""It sounds as though you had fun building your , and you have communicated what you did precisely and in a way that is easy to understand."What strike me with your   is 'order within chaos'...at first glance it is a jumble, but it gives a feeling of 'the Phoenix rising'...from dark, jumbled and tangled, to lighter, higher, reaching.... You used a lot of s, but they worked together. A magnetic pull. I am ing of metal shards thrown onto a magnet - random yet cohesive. I thought it was great. From your  I have learnt a different approach. I tend to be minimalist, clean, elegant....I like that your  is so energetic. an amazing and a huge  . it was interesting you did your research and found so many things about  . Excellent!! You have done so nice Congratulation!Your s  is so high and uniquely constructed. I have  learn to widen my  from 2 to 4 s at each step. Congratulation."I say this is an aesthetic art of work in building a  .You have used as many less s as available, and yet built comparatively taller structure. Kudos! for that.Reading the number of attempts you made to build that , I would say you had tried good to build one and also you seem to be a creative person.Only thing I don't understand it the rating; how is that 100 out of 10?"The   has a solid structure so can achieve some height with a limited number of s so a good use of resources. Having a pair of sports s as a base helped this.Not interesting from a colour perspective but the textural variations on the centre pair help add context.I  you have done a great job.The   looked great.Cool story. A very individual way to solve this task, but i like it.Sorry,I can't see the picture of the  so I can't make an accurate comment for you. But I saw you made two different s, it's great that you have such an enthusiasm about this course.I liked the way I mixed adult and child s for the  to look more playful. The black and white photography made the  look more interesting. I could have done a better job with choosing s to get a higher T value. The use of boots would have helped. I learned mostly from other people`s work by seeing the creative ways s could be put in a .I liked the detail you provided about your process. I really understood the approach you used and how you ended up at the final result. What I found interesting is that you went for a more artistic approach in your second attempt, taking into account colour and overall look. Were you inspired by other postings in the Discussion Forum or are you more artistic by nature? I don't have any suggestions for improvement. I feel you described the process well and answered the questions thoroughly. I liked reading your posting - it was full of energy and excitement. I hope to replicate that in my assignment next week. Your enthusiasm really came through and it was a refreshing read."positive:i  the color looks harmony, all black. the boots is a good choice, because their high, which lower the T number.Unique:i  the modelling of the s  is special.It like a  indeed.Revision: the  looks good, be confident. (your  creativity scale is too low)Education:i learn that may be i can  more about the material when i want to build something next time.""Positive: good beauty  investment.Unique: pyramid shape.Revision: you  can do better.Education:antother different aspect."  looks very neat. All the s are in the north -south direction. Therefore, the s may easy to fall down from the spacing of the s.How about use the second floor as east-west direction? I  that will be better for preventing s to fall down from the spacing."This is great implementation of the concept of form follows function. Compact structure makes the   solid and stable. Colors on different floors outline the Layering of building. This design matched the building criteria quit well.This design had reminds me the ADAC HQ building(http://archive.today/hbqkb) which located in Munich. At the first glance, it doesn't catch much of  my attention, after I look closer, I was amazed by the functional stable foundation and the practical use of space for the upper layer. I would say this is quite unique in a low key way.Only the filming angel doesn't satisfy me, what if adjust to see the perfect symmetry of the foundation... One more thing, the background had degraded this nice design quite a lot.I had learn that how the society evaluate the idea is playing the key role. A beautiful design could be those who served its functional purposes well; it could be those who full of meaning which is so expressive; it could be just something small and elegant which is the result of ing different."  looks Good. It's a nice cool structure. I  you will try to make this  again in future by removing time constraint. says all. You used about 8 s to build the  which is the least number I've seen in peer review. And your T value is the highest. But I  next time you should add more description on your work, not just saying "6 is fine."Fantastic, ingenious! I am very impressed with the height of the  , it doubles the height of my  . I feel it was very interesting how the student was able to keep the structure stable enough to reach such a height without the  crashing down. A suggestion for improvement could be perhaps to try to make a twin  with a bridge on the top connecting the double s. I enjoyed reviewing this  and realized that there are many different ways of approaching the same objective.again the unique task completed by the learner and i am really impressed from it.It is amazing and beautiful result. The   seemed solid and high. I love yours even than mine.Good job, It is high enough, but T can be bigger, try other ways to build it.The  Flower  looks beautiful. It's very stable. The description of the process is very detailed and clear. What's smart of the design is that the color of the s matches the color of the floor very well, which makes me feel very warm. And the student really took a good picture. But regarding to the first picture, from the perspective of aesthetics, the boot foundation needs to improve, which is not so beautiful as the flower structure. What I've learned from the submission is that creativity may come from daily life. When I design my  , I only  about how to make it as high as possible, and ignoring the aesthetics part. Thank you classmate."The first thing that comes out from the picture is the creative way you've used the flip flops. The positioning adds that little extra height to the model. The use of boots is also a brilliant idea, giving it a solid sturdy foundation and a huge height advantage right from the start.The creativity in which you approached the task is commendable, with the topping off with flip flops vertically positioned.I  what would have added more edge to the well structured model would have been more s, leveraging  on the high base that you had built could have possibly aimed for higher results. Additionally the use of more color could have made it more aesthetically appealing.Once again loved the creative approach where you used boots and the vertical positioning of the flip flops to achieve the objective of the task."Well, nice! I  yours must be very steady, maybe all you need to do is to try to make your   more creative.:)"Positive:  I  it is wright when you do this  exercise you have fun .Unique:  Inviting your family is unique.Revision: I hope you can do it more beautiful .Education:very well."Seems to be good if it was really a tall structure. It would have been great if you uploaded a picture of the  as well. Good job. "I really like the artistic top on the  of you s. A nice femal , that brings creativity into the . This is your unique selling point of the .A very solid basis with a well touch of structure.The  itself is ok, and well build, the presentation you need to work on. With a little effort, Better light and put the picture up. You can score better with the work you did.If you work on the preentation, and try to push yourelf to build a little higher, taking more changes, it would be perfect.""I really liked the work done because it seems the ""student"" was investing a lot of time and effort, and being so persistent to finish it in a good way.I can say that creativity is to try and try again and never to give up, and that's the most important aspect I've seen here.I  ""the student"" might have used colors to make it more attractive, but it's still the case (still attractive due to the persistence).I  evaluating others' works is a major aspect of learning. I enjoy it.Thank you"Hi, great effort! I like the idea behind your  , however I would have paid more attention to the colors used overall as a  whole composition. "Wow, right away, the creativity and the art thing are obvious. You laid out everything perfectly (symmetry, color matching, layouts).Just 17 s for 83cm. That is amazing. I got inspiration for my next assignment.If you have more s, I would suggest you to use them because you have the creativity, you should be able to make much higher .Continue, inspiring your classmates.""First of all, you must be an engineer, because you were very meticulous and smart in the way you create the perfect support for your old , allowing your  to grow, without falling down. It Looks very stable. I can see It must have taken you a lot of time to  that way.Maybe next time you should try to take a better photo, because this one is not completely  clear, and then people can`t see the uniqueness of your good work. You had the same problem as me, old s does not create a good prototype visually speaking. Despite that, you taught me a lesson, next time I should pay more attention measuring and weighting my s. ""Looking at your , I  you are someone that has the potential to build something original. They asked you to buil the tallest  , and you tried it. I  with all of s I've seen, this is one of the most original.Did you  of using different colors, type of s and places to take to picture ? Next time you create something,  of everything. Think as you were the judge and what would you do to give the best project. By ing like that, you will improve your work.You've done a great job ! Good luck for the rest."this   is amazing,triangle.is the most stable form,used in the   is very ingenious.what if increase the base  number,the  will be more high?anyway,I have great benefited from your design."i love the  it s crazyi give you 10 points"This looks like a very nice, clean  to me. Very precise in form and structure."P : Good height of the  (I  it is more than 35 cm, although I might misevaluate since I wear big s...) and nice colors, comments are concise yet show a good understanding of the exercise, humble creativity self-ratingU : This  looks indeed nice, somewhat very aerial, pulling the eyes upwardR : Would have been good to explain which other ways to build the  were tried. And the beauty seems a little over-rated to me (I would not put more than 9 by principle, but that's only my view)E : Rating someone who did the same creative exercise showed me that everyone has its very own way to create something, even when identical instructions were given."Description of the   is  very clear,I can imagine the appearance of the  .Reasonable design,and production process is very clear.Through his s  design,I harvest the thoughtful for the important of innovation,and I  he'sin the process of design using the s color is very interesting."The first~Im sorry~my english is very poor~so...you know..ill try to do my best(*) 1.I earnestly hope what you can show the pictures~!it's must very interesting!maybe you can give your work a name~O(_)O2.you can give our like a URL 3.In fact  i cannot imagine your show  so I   I can't give you more suggestions.but I can learn something from you.ActuallyI anticipate nothing.I thought, built at the same time...Probably it is a not good habit.thank you~"Hi, great effort! However, a photo of the  would have been even better, even though you're described it well."I love the 1st answer lol. you have so many leather s lol. you built them just like a flower. but your towel is not very tall, you can try any another way. and you can also improve the stability good idea."My  has a very beautiful shape.I took the center symmetrical arrangement and refered to the structure of DNA.So that's really a unique higelight.But my   just looks like a traditional  which was with too few innovation elements.Comparing with other peers ,I  I should open my mind and breakthrough the ming-setting and this is the first step to be a creative talents. Hello! I would like see the picture of your job. But based on your description i  you made a great job; arrange them for size and putting the smaller ones in the top, i imagine it as a pyramid. I  a draw or the pic will be helpfull next time to appreciate you work. It is my only suggestion. I hope you find interesting this exercise and learn about others work. Thanks for share."wow..!! very happy to put a review on this .. this is a splendid ..!!Its an interesting one as the idea in this was to put one inside the other.. and get a good height..Yet i would say that for building something...it should have a good foundation..so that its stable enough..but yes.. I would say that guidelines dint really ask for stability..Its just my view..  :-)Finally i must say .. its really an impressive  !""Positive: great job! Tall Can't evaluate aesthetically, but it looks it did the job, and symmetry is good! Nothing negative to point out.""Your  looks really quite symmetrical and neat. I don't agree with you, that the task was easy, because I don't seewhere there was much room for creativity if one defines creativity as well with finding a totally different solution."Great work and appreciate you never say die approach, no. of trials simply say about your openness to creativity. You have created most unique and colorful photographs. Just do not look what others are doing and compare your work, it should be simple free flow of Ideas. I  is a nice . They mix different types of s. Probably could be taller but it is balanced number of s and height. If i had dedicated more time I had found a better solution."Well done.But why i can't see my picture? the picture counts."k k k k k k k k  k k kThe design looks very stable and beautiful. Laces could be used to provide stability and hence a higher one. The idea of working with a different design (3 s) for highest metric was definitely new."You had me at cat!  I have three myself and they were definitely investigating my !  It was interesting all the ""factors"" you were using as a measurement for success: workability (will it stay up!), T value, asthetics.  I do like the dark to light concept.  That does add to the asthetics for sure.  I  it's also interesting that of the two peer reviews I've reviewed, both thought their  was relatively ""pretty"" and both thought of themselves as a 7 in creativity.  I wonder if this groups has a bell curve of self-ratings or if it's more skewed toward those that are creative (7 - 10) already?I was reflecting on your comment that it was creative to build with high heels.  That comment made me wonder if that was the primary type of  that person had (I have mostly flat s) so that's all they had to use AND it may have been more creative but it also made it harder.  Made me wonder: If something is harder does that make it more creative? Or vice versa?  Anyway, well done!  Seems your cat also approves.""What a statement that pink Welly Boot makes near the top!  Seeing all the ""leftover"" s in the photo is a great commentary on the difficulty of this exercise--some s just aren't suited for -building!  Interestingly, I would give you much higher scores than you gave yourself--especially in the ""beauty"" category.  The touches of bright colors in the sneakers and the hint of purple just before the flash of pink are rather pleasing.  For instance, I don't  I would have liked it as well had the orange sneakers been switched with the purple ones.  The base looks orderly & solid--I find this attractive as well. Just curious. . .with all the extra s at hand, why didn't you go for a higher base?  It looks quite stable and clearly there are more tennis s to add.  Also would be curious what was your 8-year old's biggest take away was from the process.Each  builder approached the process differently and I am amazed at how artfully a pile of s became a .  I found myself wishing I could sneak into DSW after hours to play!  A little time and a common product taught me quite a bit -- what arrangement(s) are most stable in a base, how can the arrangement be more vertical for ""T"" value, and how even worn, dirty s can contribute to a pleasing design.On a final note. . .I was glad you didn't use the laces to tie the  together as some have done.  While this may not be against the rules, I  it takes some of the trial/error learning away. . .just my 2 cents.""The design of the base for solid support is wonderful. Placing the heavy and strong s at the bottom and creating  a wall of support after the initial base is very good ing.I dont any other suggestion other than trying another design which will be optional since this one is a nice .I learn another way of creating a supporting wall.Very good work. Congratulation.""Positive: great job! Tall and aesthetically fine! I like the symmetry.Nothing negative to point out. it worked really well!"It is really interesting how you were able to build the  with this big numbers so s and keeping the structure stable . "I really like how colorful your   looks.   I could not accomplish this with mine.    I find interesting how you decided to use your high heels as the base for your , and how important it was for you to be sure that the s remained in place.You gave yourself a 7, evaluating only the time it took you to build it and how many revisions you made.  Did you consider how your  looks (colorful...happy), as an element to grade yourself?Thanks for sharing your work, I like that before you started your , you decided to develop a strategy on how to build it.   "I like it that you consider aesthetics, not just mere construction. You used only nine s but you built it high! Wow! Should have indicated the number of attempts and revisions. I learned that to embrace or own uniqueness and creativity, we should not compare ourselves with others. We are all special and talented in our own way."The   is very beautiful with colorful s. What is the important thing is the show  is built by all family memebers' s, including my kids. Since I have designed the show  before taking any action, so I saved my operation time. I only use 5 mins to build my  s with 2 times try. The foundation is used 8 s to build the foundation of hexagons (6 s) and the central support point (2 s), and the second floor use the s to cross the foundation edge and  central support points. After get the stable foundation, I would consider how to use the remaining s to build a higher   as possible as I can, I changed the method to build the   and build a very high  .The important things for my educated is that I have an creative ideas and validate it if it is available. And update my design by exercising and finally make the design as a real product.""1. The highlight of the  was height.......i.e optimum utilization of best available resources.2. The interesting part is the way i have put the s on each other, looking dicey but still standing still,3. I would suggest myself to be creative and use more colors and to  about adding beauty of nature as i have found in other's concepts4. i have learnt from here is the optimum utilization of available resources.""WOW! 102 cm. is really tall! Congratulations! I  you have been really patient studying the  leaning and trying to compensate it each level.As you have done, I started with a pile of s without considering the beauty aspect. Anyway, I have to admit that your pile version has a pretty organised aspect which transmits certain aesthetic. You could try constructing the  under the ""less is more"" spirit, and see how you can get similar T value with much fewer s, with great results in terms of beauty. Also, measuring your work rates, gives you feedback about the importance of effort in order to reach the best solution (more attempts, and more revisions/attempt will probably lead you to a best solution)Well done! Congratulations!"I  I can try more s and make them more banlanced. And I should feel more confident to give scroe when evaluate my own ."I really like your submission, it looks very creative and you did a really cool design :D. Overall I give you a 8 in beauty and an 8 in creativity. What I find that is really unique is the shape that you did with the s, it looks really cool and I'm really impressed by the fact that you got a lot of height with that design.I would suggest to try a few more times, I  your   is pretty good and you can achieve a lot if you try and also don't be so hard on yourself.I hope you like my feedback, it's not much but still it was very fun to see your   :) "Your   appears strong and stable. . It is interesting that you used filler s to create inner structure stability. Do you  the results would have been different if you used the dress s for the bottom layer?  I  your  is sturdy, the s provide texture and interest. Indeed you are a quick learner to get to know that you have to place heaviest first and lightest last. You have photographed it nicely that can capture the complete image. You could have tried by placing s inverted so as to create flat surface at top and stabilize the . I learnt the way you photographed it and congratulate you for it. The strength of the submission are that I have created a pretty high T-value  without using boots to help.  The interesting thing is that I managed to build a  in a way that seems to be very difficult to be made stable at first.  However, due to the straps on the sandals, I managed to tie them together pretty strongly.  Perhaps I could try to see if any more sandals can be added to the .  From this, I have learned that every   is unique, as both of the  s that I reviewed were different, and both seem very creative.  As a feedback provider, I have learnt to appreciate other people's work more.Really well do n e. I loved your use of the boots to add airyness to the base of the structure. It might have been interesting to add some s with ribbons or laces to trail down from the top. You sparked my imagination with your submission. The   was quite high. It was a rather simple and solid construction. It could have been made more esthetique. "I am intrigued... looking at this, I can't imagine how on earth it's standing up. Kudos! I like being stumped. Using the heels to hook things together was quite clever. (my wife tends towards flats and gym s -- not very useful for this exercise!) Without a better view, it's tough to comment on the structure (which is an utter mystery to me). However, in terms of esthetics, perhaps striving for some symmetry (it is a distinctly disorganized  -- but in a charming, whimsical way) or coordination of the colors or  styles would have worked well. It is certainly interesting how different builders, with access to different building materials, came to very different structures. I used tall, sturdy boots to make a tall thin . Another builder used fairly uniform s alternating between right-side up and up-side down layers to create a very organized . Yours is an utterly different strategy taking advantage of the heels to make an interlinked . ""The design is impressive in  using 4 corners for stability and making an arch. The choice of colors adds to the design.Unique in connecting the s by taking advantage of the vacant spaces inside the s.The photo seems to suggest that the   is touching the wall and seems to support the stability. If its supported by the wall I would suggest to try making the   without outside support. If its not supported then I dont have any suggestion.Its very nice to see that one can stack the s different from just placing the s on top of each other.Congratulations. Good creative work."the main thing about this structure is its t value. it has attained such a high t value that many of the  makers wont have even thought of with such a great height. and the unique thing about this structure is that the second highest line where very creativily the whole structure has been thought of and a new powerful base has been given to the whole . there's only one thing which is a little unpleasant to eyes and that is the beauty, the collection is not that good. i learned a lot of things that after so many attempts if one keeps on trying then he would ultimately succeed with a distinction and better knowledge of that subject."Hey there!,Congratulations on the  it looks great, I like that you didn't give up on it and you where able to stick with it, great creativity with using the heel as the highpoint, you also where able to create stability by adding the heel and  together, nicely done. I found your ability to balance it with such a thin structure to be great, most of the s have a 3/4  base you did yours with a lot less. I  if you had turned the top sneaker on its side you would give yourself another flat base to continue to grow your  by at least another 1,2 maybe even 3 s. I  you have done a great job at keeping a simple, solid structure while utilizing the height of your heels.Great job!Rob""Filling and decorating by using random vivid color is definitely a remarkable approach of expression of Liberation of Women. The lady's boot on the top, instantly reminds me the famous Delacroix painted Liberty Leading the People. Lady's boot here is a symbol of a robust woman of the people... and this symbolism can only be achieved by a functional foundation which is well considered. The finished  had also reached 98 cm height which is quite awesome.It's more than obvious this  is an architectural form of the painting. I found these particularly interesting: 1.The football s, the hiking s, the leather s... are the visual representation of workers, farmers and other social groups; 2.They all confused the ways to go which is displayed as s pointing multiple directions. 3.The lady's boot on the top leads them which is showed as pointing the direction west. These hidden clever design are indeed well thought and unique.Even though this  so well designed, In my opinion, there're three tiny spots might get improved: 1.The background can be changed to an outdoor view which could be match the painting background better. 2.Adding so dirty or real life mud onto the s, so expressiveness might get improved dramatically. 3. Applying spotlight effect rather then using natural lighting.I had learned that a good design should be both functional and beautiful. It's a expression of a thought. It's multi attempt trying. Its process is quite crucial since the failure indeed can help so much on the final result."The use of boot to increase height was very innovative and productive. Even the idea of using laces was very unique but I guess in your case it didnt much help the height but I am sure it added stability to it. I learnt that I could have used the laces to add stability. I feel that my  is pretty complex looking but it was exciting for me to build up something like that. One thing I would want to check on was the colors but afraid that i didn't had any other color s. Maybe for next exercises I will try to utilize my creative skills in construction as well as appearance.You build a strong ,but I  they don't have a good-looking,and your T value is low. May be you could let them have a little gap.s are nice! If you have boots, it's higher. TetrisIt's interesting and special.Well first of all, i didn't realize my picture loaded upside down! I do like the space at the top, still, but have to admit to not reading the assignment closely enough (until after I decided I was "done") and so height was not my main priority. That would be the thing i would work on most, followed by ing more vertically, and not necessarily using pairs.  This was a good exercise in that I realize that I really wasn't being that creative at all!    I really liked the structure of your . It reminded me of the game jenga which I feel like..the structure was really useful. When I made mine I didn't even  about turning the s sideways they were all upright and it caused a lot of problems. I feel like what you chose to do however the top looked a little messy in my opinion and maybe in the camera angle was different or the s were readjusted it would've looked a little better. greetings, congratulations, it appears that you put a lot of effort into your work, I really liked the picture you placed, also seems very accurate your estimate of the height of the . I  you were very creative and that you had fun with it. "Think before you act, which is a good thing to do. I liked the point that you used all high heels, since in my own first attempt, I found that I cannot get the balance with heels.I appreciate those heels, but I don't see so much colour in there.Still, nice try and keep it on.:)"That was a good idea to build a  along with your child. I can see that children's s rule in your life. It's all about having fun with your child and yourself. Thank you for being a great mom.Very good! It's very high and you used bottoms of s, that made the  more strong. But on the other side, you didn't show the  color. 8.First of all,I am very glad to hear that you make your all effort to complete this assessment and thank you for detail description.Your   looks very solid what I  is important.While I  it may look better if you design your   in another program.Last,I admit your patience really worth me learning."I commend you for using the boots--they're pretty difficult to balance when you add some s in them (or I may just not be a master of balancing . . . )! Perhaps you could challenge yourself and aim for a higher T value next time or used those colorful heels? :)From this evaluation, I learned that I still have a long way to go as a builder of  s. Kidding aside, though, it made me realize just how many solutions people can come up with, given the same problem."This submission is very good written. It is not unique, but it catched my eyes."I like the way you arrange the s, especially placing of white .It give ""contrast"" impression and that's cool!After calculating the T value, your score is 54cm/22 = 2.45According to my opinion, it because your main resources are flat s so it can't be too high.But, still, it's an amazing experience seeing your creation! :D"I like the shape of the . It unique because of the fact that other submissions tended to use high-heeled s to achieve a higher T value. The T value of this  in not very high, I could have benefited from more attempts. It's also not very pretty. I learned that the first solution (or even the 6th) is not always the best solution and that creativity is an ongoing process.  Excellent, I like it. Very good written and the  is marvelous!"Smart work.  is looking beautiful n well balanced. Suggestion : That was nice idea to use their boxes but instead of using that you could use actual s & then  outside the box. But it was nice, From now onwards I'll also  outside the box. :-)"It was a good experience overall but I feel I could have done better if time permitted me to do so. It was clever that you had the top s vertical, it made it taller! moreover, I like the way that some of the s were upside down to make the   more staple! Good work!     ME Gusta (I like it!)"Congratulation, looks straight, tall and stable. I am impressed on the fact that this  does not have a fat base, yet it can stand 96cm.The pair of crocs at the top, followed by one large , gives a little decoration.However, If I can do this exercise all over again, I would spend more time trying. Not only on ing. I should read the instruction carefully, and check out the discussion page to make sure, I understand everything. I also learnt that using a lot of s does not have to mean a higher  nor a beautiful one.This exercise and seeing my classmates' work, led me to my decision ""I have to wake up the artist inside me"". ""P : In-depth description of the process undergone to create the final -. Very good T value. Rather humble self-ratingU : Simplicity of the , Interesting look of the .R : Response to the first question may be too long (about 10 times longer than the colleagues work I have reviewed). Also the picture should have been resized before submission.E : Rating other people and then myself, who all did the same creative exercise showed me that everyone has its very own way to create something, even when identical instructions were given. On a different note I also saw that my higher number of attempts allowed me to get a higher T number, which tends to confirm the IFF theory.""You have quite the  collection! The way that you stacked the s looks incredibly sturdy and stable. The platform sandal on the top looks decorative, as well as adding height. I wonder whether your T value would have been higher if you had used only 1  from each pair. However, that also may have affected the stability.It appears that you had the same difficulty that I had with the time limit. You could try forever, and fail unlimited times, unless you put some kind of limit on the assignment. ""Well written and well explained.Although if a picture was attached, the end result would have been more pronounced and noticeable. "Its really aesthetically attracts attention.The unique thing is the  that is erected at the top. I do not  it needs any revision as it is carefully crafted. I get a better idea how to make the . Although I have made it in the same way but mine is a bit messy.   "Hi!I really enjoyed how you designed your ! I liked the way it truly transmits the symbolism you have chosen and mentioned. The design is very creative! The s are symmetrical in the flower shape, as well as the tall part. It is very unique, comparing with others. Really good! In terms of appearance I would grade it 9, agreeing with you.As for your general creativity, I would grade your work a 6. I believe that you truly got the spirit of creativity: you put your effort, you reached your goal, you got satisfied, and most of all - you had fun! But, I  you should have focused more on the  height. I am sure that with the creativity that you have shown in the design, you would be able to build a taller , keeping or even improving its beauty! I don't know if you have tried it, but you should have built other types of s - like this, even if you build lesser s, you would learn from it, and improve your final decision. That`s the point of this exercise - learn with your failures!What could have helped you on your work, would be making comparisons of your  with others. I saw that you didn't put on your assignment how did you evaluated yourself. That`s something I judge very important in designing and engineering. Maybe checking other's work you could have more and more ideas, and you could improve your .I will rate it a 7 as an overall grade. As you mentioned, there is always room for improvements, and I believe you can easily reach a 10!Enjoy the rest of the course!"Great work! Very high T value. Unique comments. :) I have nothing to criticize here, only learn. "Wow, what a amazing height it was! T=23!  I must say that I never came up with such a idea and I just stacked my s up. And I  it can be made by some lace instead of strings, to tied them together. Remember the rules~"It is simple and elegant. It is minimalist in approach. More s would have made it more challenging. I learnt that everyday objects can provide a creative challenge."This is clear and stable , build up in a structured and well handled way. The best part of the  is at the bottom, where a clear stable and solid foundation does create the structure of the .The  is made by women s only, which give the  a female character, therefor the  (she) does distinguish herself from the other I did se so far.A a critical note I can say that this femal touch I do mis at the top, the ""make-up"" on top of the  in order to remember the shape and the  itself whoudl have been nice.If you try next time to finish the  by bring in ""decoration"" and stile, the  will last longer in everybodies mind.""Hi,What i like is the simple elegance of the project. Few elements, decently placed to almost mimic a human body; nice.You also chose boots instead of normal s. This provides a high T.However, I do not know how far you can go with such a model if you use more s. You could try, but what you tought to me is to use the most appropriate material!"This  seems complex to construct, and it looks cool! I  you're a boy, because your s are not as colorful as girl's, so the color of the  is boring, but the construction is Imaginative. I like the overall appearance, it looks like triangle . Additionally, I  you can make the  more delicate, you know, the  might be built again if it falls accidentally.I  the the simplicity of the  the most and I  you came to a great T value. Also, I felt your approach was well thought out and very detailed. I really enjoyed ing through what you did to get to your final product. I would have liked to see more color, but perhaps this just has a more earthy/natural feel. I went overboard with my  using a ton of s so my T-Value was terrible by comparison. Thanks for allowing me to learn how you went through your process. "Using the PURE approach to giving feedback: here is my self-evaluation.Positive: First, I liked how I described the one part as the ""4th floor"".Unique: Next, comment on interesting and unique I found including the photo with the measuring tape? Revision: Third, be a critical friend - I would suggest writing a little less.Education. I will close by reflecting that what I learned from providing this feedback was that I'm much more concerned about taking time on others peoples projects and tend to rush through my own.Good Luck for the rest of the course.Jennifer ""Looking at your , I  you tried to build a really strong and tall  . This is a nice try and really creative.Did you  of using different colors, type of s and places to take to picture ? Next time you create something,  of everything. Think as you were the judge and what would you do to give the best project. By ing like that, you will improve your work.You've done a great job ! Good luck for the rest."It is more or less Debien to work but you missed placing photographs of other reports zapatoso boots to the pyramid."I am seeing a very colorful slanted , I am very sure my friend must have taken much care in arranging the s in this particular order, What I find unique in this  is the color sense used in the design.At the same time,the  could be much beautiful,if the placement was careful,from this  I learn that our works can be much beautiful if we simultaneously care about both aesthetics and full utilization of resources.""About this   i must say i love the colours! and even thought the maker rated him/herself a low score i would give it a 10. I dissagre with on e of the statement that says theres not a lot of symmetry as find it quite balanced like floating triangles, theres also balance in the colours 2 blue 2 red , and the laces have been left untied and hanging which is also quite nice.The way its put together reflects freedom and a relaxed style , the one thing I would suggest would be to tidy the room behind it to  have no distractions in the picture. I have learned from this picture how dynamic and great this exercise has been as all the s are so different. ""Wow! It looks beautiful. :) I like how symmetrical your  is. I also commend your use of heels--indeed, they can be a good tool, but only if used the right way (they're pretty difficult to use on the --speaking from experience here). Perhaps you could challenge yourself and aim for a higher T value next time? Or maybe use more colorful s. :)I guess what I learned from this is that I still have a long way to go as a builder of  s. Kidding aside, though, I learned that it's a really fun job--seeing how others decided to tackle the same problem I've been given. Your work made me decide to do better on my  . :)"I  your s  is not great, but your analysis is so cool. 8I liked the imagination, and the picture described, however it clearly is not a reality. As I understood, we were supposed to actually make a  structure and then write about it. Still I believe even such as it is, it is good example of imagination. I am quite confused about your work.  Did you really build a  , or are you describing a 100m  somewhere in your country?  It is quite unclear in your description, so I find it difficult to give proper feedback. "Noting to add as if you read the above, my self assessment is already in there :-)Biggest lesson in this exercise is mindfulness tough: of what is requested, what is MY interpretation and goal, of the materials used especially in the sense to let lose of its original purpose and use.I could have watched 1000 videos and still i would not have made the discovery i did now: look at an object, which is your building-block (literally in this case), as if it is a brand new invention and take a new look (and be even amazed where possible) at its attributes, strength and weaknesses towards the goal at hand."After seeing other people's submissions, I decided that, in comparison, mine was more interesting than I originally thought."First of all I would like to stay that I like the colours used for this exercise. I like the colour neongreen, it goes very well with black and purple/brown on top. The composition of colours is very beautiful. The unique part is the complete construction: the way the s are standing next to each other on the bottom is funny. Secondly I wonder how the green s are standing stable on the s underneath, normally the top of a leather boot is pretty wobbly. I do not have any negative comments on the construction and beauty. When I thought about the whole construction, I thought that the creator had a person from a cartoon had in thought while building. When it would be my  I would just make some more efforts in making the  higher. So the score would be a bit lower for the height. I learned that the lighting is very important to give an object even more beautiful. The  would give a total different effect when it would stand inside a house or building. Now it stands outside where you have a very nice background. "Firstly I would like to congratulate you for creating such a beautiful . Especially going for making the moving  in your imagination into reality is really impressive. As for the rest I  you can try different structures. I learned from you the value of aesthetic and ing differently. thanks you. "This  reminds me of a perfect lego ! I love the colour and energy put into it, i found interesting that most s had white soles as that gives a really nice contrast to the whole construction.This  shows a great deal of preparation and ing , very structured process I imagine , i am left feeling its a great achievement and I agree with the score its a great effort!"Although I appreciate the play on the word, , I believe this attempt strayed too far from the intent of the exercise. Perhaps the pieces of paper could have been shaped like s. Dear colleague, I was astonished by your submission. What strikes one on looking at the picture is a whole lot of "shoos". It is a fine "shoo" . You have taken great pains to construct this structure and I commend your diligence. To submit in the peer review system, you had to do it in a shorter time-frame (1 week). You have also answered all the questions in the reflection. Your submission is very creative and original and I would rate you a "10" for creativity. However, a whole lot of folks (myself included) took Prof. Matson's instruction literally and constructed genuine "" s. For me personally constructing the   taught me that the IFF (Intelligent fast failure) concept works as I was able to build taller structures with higher T value learning from each failure. Moreover you have used staples,adhesives etc. which were forbidden. Hence from the exercise point of view, some colleagues may want to give you a fail grade. However, I have learnt from you. You truly are an original and please keep up the good work. To quote Dr. Kathryn of the CIC team- "there are many approaches to creativity and who is to say which one is right". From you I have learnt that one should try to  differently when faced with a task and then one might come up with truly original ideas as in your case. I agree with you that time, space and peace are also needed for creativity.I'm impressed by your , for its modern triangle structure and the choice of a darker color at the bottom that highlights the cheerful colors at the top. That being said I'm not sure laces were allowed in the processus, but I would've done the same. I didn't  that such a modern triangle base  was even possible with s and you made it!It looks beautiful and firm.It's an amazing construction method.Maybe boots can make it taller.I have revised some other colleagues ideas and I see that the building principle is not the same. Most of the people didn't want to have the tallest , but to have a bigger efficacy (height/number of s), so, a problem of optimization. From my point of view, I didn't want to have the more optimized , but something original, as you do not build a  of s every day, no matter how tall it is. But, of course, the world is beautiful because everybody s is his own way. Good luck to everybody!Using several types of s was a great idea. Using "sandwich" structure was reasonable. Placing heavy boot on the top of the  could be problematic, so another type of  should be placed on the "roof" of the .I really liked how the  looks. While we try our best to make it look nice because that was what was in my mind at first I find yours was more structured therefore it held better. As you mentioned those are all the s you have however perhaps if you slanted the s higher up that could give you more height without really affecting how sturdy the actual  is. From your  I realized that I should've made mine a little more structured rather than just caring on looks. My  fell over nearly 8 times to the point I couldnt even snap a picture because I didn't care how well the whole thing stuck together"I really  that your   is pretty cool! I am so curious, if the  was not touched by us, how long it would be stand? Because it looks neat and stable. I  it will be more great if you can put colorful s on top of  to add the aesthetical value. So,  the  is felt more energic. Same with you, I also build the   in limited materials & time. But, that's not matter because we already proved that we can use our creativity to make a cool , right? :D"Your   is very good. Your detailed explanation on the things you realized from the exercise shows the hard work on perfecting the design. Overall great to see but you could have improved your T value more. You could have utilized the height of  which is missing here. But looks great and happy you have thought me a lot for constructing me next  . I grade you 7This s  is very tall and I used less s to get it.The unique aspect is that I made full use of the centre of gravity should in the center and hanged the  on another cleverly.But the  isn't beautiful.I should change the color maybe.And I learned that trial and error make you do better.awesome fantabulous mind boggling tall and beautiful vivacious peppy colourful "Positive: The way the  is made is neat and clean. The height of the  and the count of the s used is very less yet have constructed the  in the best possible manner.Unique: Loved the pattern of the arrangement.Revision: Could have used more colourful s to make the  more attractive.Education: I learned how to make the  with minimum available resource in the best possible manner.""Very well done!The first two pictures were un-necessary but the end product was truly marvelous.Very concise and well written explanation of the process."The   is pretty high. And the student make good use of space and use various ways to arrange the s. The student is very attentive. What's unique is that he or she even  about the texture of the material, from the description. But I  it is possible that the whole shape of the Show  should be taken into consideration, from the perspective of aesthetics. I'm not sure what shape of this   really is. And the appearance should weigh as much as height and stability. What I learned from the submission is the structure and the space utilization. The student put the toe into the  below and it doesn't fall down, which is interesting. Thank you classmate. First of all I am very pleased with my . I like the colors hat match very well together. I did make more effort to make the  more appealing by polishing with leather balm.   The construction is in my opinion also unique. Maybe the result would even be more satisfying when I would have taken my picture outside to have more light on the background. Unfortunatly I don't have a garden nor terrace so I used a sheet. I learned that you have to persist to succeed. You can't be pleased immediately, you have to push yourself to the limit till the result is satisfying. Secondly the first  of the other person I had to evaluate, was really inspiring to me. It gives a different view of how a  could look like in a very creative way."It's a great pity that I couldn't open the  link of your photos!    And used 8 s to build the  which approximately-64 cm is wonderful!   I'm so sorry that I couldn't give some useful evaluation""First of all, I am from Buenos Aires, my native language is spanish so I hope you can understand what I mean in this evaluation. I  that English is not your native tongue also because it has been a litlle difficult for me to understand some points of your submission. But the most important here is that I  that your  is very original, clean and well constructed. Just one observation; A letter, is the first of almost all occidental countries. You did not need to use that comparisson, Your  is a great triangle , very difficult form to accomplish. Through my visits to the forums I saw a lot of  s (even mine) and yours is very original, Well done!"Your   is pleasing to view. Your ten attempts are worth the effort of rebuilding. The choice of  colors is interesting with the solid black grounding your base, the colorful polka dot sneaker in the middle and topping off the  with the contrasting white. As to suggestions for improvement or revision, I have none. From your submission I learned that different approaches to building a   achieves effects I never considered. Overall I consider your  a success.   as compared to others' assignments, l  my   is much more creative in shape, but l  there are still some improvement l can do."This s  looks very artistic. The builder chooses ""T model"" to stabilize his/her structure. I  it is a right choice and the  can be even more taller if s were enough.However, in my opinion, the builder simplify the problem in certain extent because he/she went though a selection process of the s at the beginning. I  s should be randomly selected according to the implication of the video.  Using many analogous sport s may obtain a steady  easily.Finally, I really like this design for its beauty and steady."When I saw others s I felt mine is less cool than theirs! I had to confess! it wasn't that bad but now I will be more into it and I will improve my work next assignment!  "positive:it is beautiful .unique :the shape is very unique .how do u do it .revision :you can try more s.education :s aslo make good things." is quite tall - good work. top 3 s balancing on the vertical one is nice balancing. Would look better if  was constructed on plain background, with no beds or wall hangings. "I  you did so well on this    trial. It's clever you used the black crocs at the bottom of the . It may work as a stopper which prevents the upper s from slipping.And I like that you used all s of your family. I can imagine your family and feel warm."the height of  is good. using ben10  gives a kid touch. The  could have been more tall."You have built a solid base for the , and managed to have a good balance with such height.90 cm is a quite good height that you have achieved in just 3 attempts.You are a good and honest critic to yourself, you have realized that improvement is required in the area of aesthetics & creativity by spending more time and efforts on improving the architecture of the  by adding beauty to it.This exercise helped you to find out your area of expertise that needs enhancement, i.e., Creativity & Innovation, hence, you have learned the importance of the subject you are studying. You won't find interest and feel commitment to the subject that you don't find important.Wish you good luck for future exercises for completion of this course, with a wish that you implement the learning in your practical life.""1. Good to see that you focused on aesthetics as well instead of just on increasing height. 2. Your ability to identify your weakness (I may not  it as a weakness) for being overly concerned with output is worth appreciation. 3. Interplay of colors was interesting to note.4. Just a suggestion that you could have tried using high heels to have a taller base.5. I have learned by evaluating your exercise that we should not miss on the fun of doing in the pursuit of final results. Thanks a lot."Used given requirements and also added her own. Used just one  at the base of the  which is quite unique compared with a lot of other s which mostly use the same way of buidling. The s tell as tory and the student is able to make more  s which all are different. Hight and t- vakue are not extreme high but are okay. s look beautiful, but beauty is. The eye of the beholder. Reach for the Sun has beauty for me because the s are beautiful. Oppressive Beauty has beauty because of the whole , contrast in used s, message, black white photography. Suggestions: none, am satisfied with the result. Could have tried to built a higher towe but height wasn't a part of my requirements and not the only one. Haha and i didn't want my s damaged too much because of falling down. Education: don't know. It is difficult to stay positive because i'm a little bit disappointed by many people because they only focused on height and built like a lot of other students did. your collection of s is nice, couldd be more colourful, its good that u have learned from failure . One of the black  looks like paste on the  , it looks amazing. The good  is that the   uses the big size of s to build foundation. For revision, how about consider to  make the  more stable. I'm afraid it would be fall down at any time."I liked the view from the top, the pyramid shape and the mixed colours.Maybe it could have been taller using the same number of s and making more attempts to build it.I am not a fan of giving back feedback to my peers but I  I can manage it if I keep on doing it.Maybe a 5.""P: The student's artistic narrative of their   matched the  's visual display.U: The unique thing about this submission is that the student owns this diverse collection of vogue s.R: It would have been nice to see a taller  so all the s could have been visible.E: I was educated by the student's design process. The student is definetly a designer.""Positive: I  an effort was made but it can be better if there is more resources.Unique: Building the   with a Slippers is unique.Revision: More effort needed.Education: the lesson for me on this exercise is that every human being  have is own creative ability. ""The overall situation is good.Some answers are not specific.There is a problem not to answer in english.  s do not see a specific photos. Hope to work more, do better."First of all, I really like the design and  it turned out looking awesome. It looks inviting and the way you alternated the s on top with the color seemed well thought in design. The height of the tall boots is very different and made this special. I'm not sure if cardboard inside the  was against the rules or not, but that is one thing that perhaps wasn't allowed. That being said, if I were building a real  choosing to use a more expensive product like more s verses something like is cheap like cardboard to provide stability or brick verses vinyl siding. So while I  it may not have been part of the assignment, I  it was creative and a good way to go. "My dear classmate, you've done an amazing job.Your   is so high and its T value is also so high. And I appreciate your work. By your description I can know you were very hardworking and thought a lot. And it seems very beautiful too. That yellow  is very cool.But you could get and share some you experience about how to make it higher and stable from your failure.Appreciate your hard work again!"First of all,your fair evaluate about yourself made a deep impression for me.I  the top of your   is unique,it looks attractive.But I  your   could be better if you try more time to finish it.Then thank you for good job.I really liked the  , especially the effect it makes with the s on top. The only suggestion I would make is that maybe you could have played more with color coordination. Nice Idea to use a long boot and looks good. You may have used old/new regular s not the sandals/footwear. It's fun to ask others for s and they might suggest a good idea. Overall Its one good implementation."Looking at your , I  you are someone that has the potential to build something original. Did you  of using different colors, type of s and places to take to picture ? Next time you create something,  of everything. Think as you were the judge and what would you do to give the best project. By ing like that, you will improve your work.You've done a great job ! Good luck for the rest."Congratulation to your fabulous work.I cant imagine how much work you did to hold 37 s together since I only use couple s.I also admire that you tried many times before it stand.The   looks great and I can see that you place your s according to their shapes,and the circle basis is creative. Although you said that you dont pursue the creativity scale I still  you should try to raise your T scale,when I did that I find new ways to build the  and it really inspired a lot.I believe my  was a great model, it had a solid base in comparison to what I have evaluated. If I had tall boots or heels I feel with my structural base that I would of been able to add a greater height to it. In closing I believe that I did an overall good job but much room from improvement after looking through other s "In self evaluating my  , I still just love the outcome of my project!  I love the tree style created, and the colors. I wouldn't change a thing on this  personally, but I am certainly open-minded to suggestions from the point of view of others.  I'm learning it's harder to self evaluate than it is for others :)  I thought this project was awesome and I truly was inspired by it!Regina Stooksbury"I  your   is very beautiful and artistic.His work was done greatly.From his report,i can see he spend a lot of time working on it,and he tries his best.His  looks beautiful .He did his job in a logical way.I suggest him to  about the structure,maybe his  T value will get higher."simple and elegant .just with two s as basewould have used more s as baseI learned how to be critical""I'm so proud of my creation, both  the  and the diagram/picture presentation. From the peer evaluation, the two other s not as colorful as mine, although theirs are neater. But still, I have more T value than 2 other. Besides, I also find my mistake after review other students, that is my total s are 16 not 8. So, the T value is 4.03."Congratulations on achieving such a high T score with a small number of s. As you mention, the design might not inspire your friends, but the high T score means that it is high functional value as a construction technique. The interlocking s to give height is a technique I also embraced. Thanks for sharing.Well, Now that I can be distant enough to rate myself, I  my work is unsatisfied. Sure, I put a lot of effort trying to create the biggest , but I didn`t pay attention to the aesthetic part, which is also very important, or even more important. I cared more the quantity (number of s) instead of quality (the most beautiful combination of all my s). Therefore, I have a lot to learn, ing out of the box implies ing all of the aspects differently, and that I didn`t do. I would rate me 6, because I know I can do more."great job! i  you found a healthy balance between design, function and ""t"" factor!"Very nice try, very good metric and excellent look.nice work mateGood. Nice choice of s' position on the top of the ."1.Positive- picture of whatever  student has posted is good. 2, Unique - the way the student has described all the answers about the exercise is unique :)3. Revision - may be he/she hasn't had enough time to describe everything in depth or he hasn't understood the protocol of submission.4. education -  one should not describe or answer the exercise in such way. do the things with seriousness and proper understanding. ""1. Positive - very strongly based , firm and impressive . its balance very well. 2. Unique -  i am impressed with the strength and stability of . it shows this student believes in making anything strong based and durable.3. Revision -  could hv been even more colourful . lacks slightly in colours and angles /shapes. still its a good work4. Education -  what's to be learnt from this exercise is, importance of a stable firm base and durable project in any aspect of relationship / work /commitment . DURABILITY and firm base makes anything successful in life"My show  is not the best.But I have tried my best.First, the  is indeed beautiful and looks really sturdy. I like the tweak on the very top-it certainly looked like a real . Just keep the energy flowing! Do not compare your own work with others, you did it with love, you are happy with it then that's what matters most:) "Positive:  You achieve compacted height, which can be difficult.  I am please to not only see creative development, but personal development and awareness.  And your persistence is uncommon!Unique: I love  the ""teepee"" or ""steeple"" top with two s after seeing such a high compact structure.Revision:  I've witness functionality over color, but I  there was opportunity to do color cascading.Education: This is a case where location matters.  But I  the effort to try in an outside/natural environment against the forces can force you to re the structure and use of a product.  You achieved your final product inside, but those fast failures outside may have contributed to new creative ways of building a ."I do not see anything or any word in this reflection. Is it a system error or an empty reflection?Well done. I have done pretty much the same building method. I also noticed that you have used heavy s on bottom and light s towards the top for improved stability. Do not know how to reflect on how "pretty" your   is but I give you a 6 on that. I really like that you did not use high heeled s because those would not do well in this exercise. Of course I noticed the very top high heeled one but thats beneficial for the overall hight of the . Good work Excellent, well done. It is interesting as it is  said keep on trying and u will come with more innovative ideas. It could be little taller.The strongest point of this submission is the practicality. The  was created with the purpose to be as high as possible. I guess if he had more s the  would be higher. It's good to do thing with a clear goal. But if he tried to have more ways to make a , I  he would find out some thing interesting while he was doing this exercise. It is interesting to be able to build high  with relatively  small number of s . "I liked that this   is so balanced and harmonious both in coulours and in shape and that it was made with s from your family members.Maybe it could be a little bit taller using the same number of s or maybe it could have more s to make it taller.It is difficult for me to give feedback to my peers on a task that I didn't feel very confident about the accomplishment.I  maybe a 6."it look beautiful.Colors which I used are good. Varities of sandals are placed so increases its diversity.But now I  it should be little taller.Even I placed many s at the bottom, they can be placed somewhere else. laces are showy .but yet I am not satisfied.."Great design. I liked the shape of the structure. It would be nice if you tried to use small size/kids s to go for 10-20 cm more.I  you can do very good in structure engineering. ""positive:i  it looks strong.Unique:i  the modelling of the s  is special.Revision:need to  more material. the s are too many kinds.Education:i learn that may be i can  more about the material when i want to build something next time."Happy to build a  which tall but could have been more tall, loved and enjoyed creating it. Could have been more taller. After reviewing 2 peers model i got new ideas."I really enjoyed the start where you outlined how you played with the ""rules"" in your mind, and I don't  that you had to use pairs and boots count.  This gave me a insight into your ing which was great.I found your frankness about score obsession, and the fact that you said so, was great. I share your obsession bit did not admit to it. It was a great effort both the  and your writing, but you qualified it which you did not need to do.  Hence the thing you showed me is, don't be too hard on yourself.  "Hello, I love these exercise because I learn many of them give me new ideas and your attitude is very enthusiastic, your process is methodical, you have good observation and logic to solve every difficulty that is presented. I like the way the picture because much salt in it, and that speaks to position yourself in your creation. Regarding compliance of the points requested wow, 93 ... was fine, until now is the highest I've seen besides the photos on the forum, only one thing, play more creativity, because what would happen if you were as Salvador Dal, as you see? congratulations. I'll take your enthusiasm thanks. calification? 9Student, I believe in your idea to make the bottom flat and firm.  I like that your absolute bottom s are situated in such a way that lend some height and strength to that foundation you are laying.  I believe your submission is unique in that way because you could have opted to simply place a few s directly on the floor right in the beginning.  Some improvement might be to continue the structure in that "Jenga like" manner a few more times simply to give it more height.  The thing I learned, overall, is that my assumption of sneakers providing the weight and firmness needed in the first steps in building is proving to be true.  Thank You for your submission.  Job well done! I like your  , I  it's really imaginative and, like you, I also wondered about the definition of a  and decided it included boots as well.  I'd definitely give it an 8 for beauty and I do  it is quite creative however, the guidelines clearly state that it is only meant to be made up of s and you aren't allowed to use any other materials so much as I like your  I don't agree with the use of the wood to increase the height.  I would also, for this reason, not agree with your creativity score because you haven't followed the instructions correctly.  You've clearly put a lot of effort into it and the paint adds an extra layer of colour but if I was grading this I would have to deduct marks for use of materials outside the assignment instructions."I  you were very creative and went outside the box.   I found it interesting that you went out and brought material to complete the exercise. However, I believe no extra materials were allowed in building the . I learned that most people who did the exercise had similar questions- why I am doing this  and I am doing the right thing. I also learned that one must have self confidence in themselves as indicated by this user who gave itself a 10. Great job!""It seems that you have worked really hard. You have done lots of tries and you learnt from them in the process, getting a more eficient  and beautiful at the same time. A good idea would be using some of your s with the sole up, to put other s above, giving more balance and height to the .I find the T value frustrating as well. Probably we could get more creative and original s by ignoring that formula.I appreciate how clearly you have shown the steps of your learning process and I really would like to be so patient and persistent as you are.Good learning, classmate !!!""Good job. The result was a large powerful . Used a lot of different, different styles of s. Although the  itself, I see no creativity, s made up in only one direction, as the fuel. Many couples, but the small size. So Learning together on))"I've considered the balance between the height and the "T" value. And take the advantage of the light material of the sport s to build the  higher, and at the same time reduce the number of the s. Generally it's a good job but  I'm sure it has a better way to arrange the same s."Whow! I really like the  you have posted, I  it is the best I have seen so far (even if you used dirty s :-) !). I have found very interesting the fact that you have read on the forums what others were doing and so you have done better and better, which I didn't. I belive you have done very nice and you have kept getting the better result, and I have learnt from you that by 'watching' other I could emprove my own results.I really loved your  , bravo!""It's very good that I could improve my work through many tries again and again to make my  higher and higher and to make my T value higher and higher. And my  is very colorful though they're kind of dirty.However, I  I can do better because when I reached 72 cm I just felt satisfied and didn't want to try again. So many people's  are higher than mine.""It looks really stable and safe, if you were designing a tall building it'd definitely survive from earthquakes and strong winds.I agree with your opinion about the beauty part, it could've been more colorful and that you could've tried out different shapes and strategies, maybe next time you can ask your girlfriend to lend you her high heels...well, you know, for different shapesMy   isn't as steady like yours, so I've tried 11 times for slightly different angles and s to make it taller, I  next time I'd build the foundation like yours in order to support whatever I put on top of them, thanks for the idea :)Anyway I give you 6.5 for building that ""Positive: I appreciate the individual's determination and patience. The planning that went into making the  is commendable.Unique: The individual's plan to divide the s into four categories seemed interesting. It shows his/her attention to detail.Revision: All I can say to my fellow peer, is that creativity is never a goal, but a process. The more we brainstorm, the more we can come up with creative ideas.Education: The detailed planning by the individual, even for an easy task such as this inspires me not to settle down for mediocrity, and put in even more hard work, no matter how easy a task seems."Positive well done task by myself as i used great CIC term.I really like your first  ! (the one with the 4 s balanced together) I am impressed by the second image and the almost 40 s that you used to make it. Its good that you tried various methods before settling on one you liked. Where is the image of the one you said was your favorite? (the one using 6 s)I'd say that if you have a favorite design you should show that one. You have proven that a lot of trial and error is a good way to get better results! I appreciate myself on the errect  that i have created and its colours. At the same time I could have achieved more metric value with a little more effort. I have learned that there is a lot of scope for imrovement in my way of ing."The idea of the "" of life"" is wonderful! I was really impressed that you went from the technical assignment to something so meaningful to you. Each layer stands for something in your relationsship which was therefore reflected and deepend. Congratulation! The difficulty for having time to do the assignment I really understand. For a revision I would change the more flat s after the base to gain  more height and increase your T value. I learned to consider also the symbolic side of my creations, because I just created and focused on the technical side. Thank you!"Hi Chris! I am really surprised about your work. Really liked!The most i liked was the triangle structure. An engineers work. I have just one suggestion and it is the "art part". You have nice s, diferent colors. You could mix it and avoid be too square in your design. Maybe putting the color ones in the base, and mixing the pairs it could look more beautiful. I hope you find interesting this exercises as i found it. I liked see other works and have new ideas about how to improve my design. Have a great week.A good effort with 10 s for 71cm. Interesting approach using boots to support sandals to build the . I only used your approach for the top layer of my . Maybe you could have gone higher by adding a third or fourth column rather than just using two columns. I thought this was a more creative approach than the one I used and would incorporate aspects of this design in any future attempts to build a  .The height of your s  is not high, but utilization rate of your s is better. I will give you 8 scale.I like your variations of s. The Twin  was very interesting and well constructed, and yes....most beautiful. Nothing critical. You did a very good job of performing well-constructed, solid-appearing  s!  Your description of the process was very well-written.  Well done!Very nice-I can see the Eiffel  effect you were going for.  If we all only had a bunch of silver-ish s.......I am impressed by the height, and by the inward-leaning s at the bottom.  Very swift.The only thing I see is that the top  leans in a direction more reminiscent of the  of Pisa! Interesting that your young child placed the s vertically-I did not even  of that.  Interesting.......    Es Muy Interesante Ver Este Proyecto Mi Calificacin Es Positivo Y nico  Debido A Que Lo Hizo Muy  Bien Porque Reflexiono, Analizo Que  Era Lo Que Estaba Haciendo y Sobretodo Su Punto De Vista Es Muy Interesante Indiscutible Y tico. Aunque Fue nico Por Que Me Pareci Muy Interesante   Que Este Ejercicio Lo Haya Echo Con Su Familia!! Felicitaciones "This work is so cool, must be a man of good works. I  the maker must have put his heart in it. And i couldn't say more,because it's amazing and mysterious.Well done!"Despite the limiting factors you came up with a good , I see you went for the safest way to keep your  straight up, sometimes it is a good idea to take some risks they might work even if it doesn't you will have fun trying it. In your reflection paragraph, you mentioned that a 90% creativity was used the first attempts, I  you did a 90% all the way to the end. "Positive: First your s are very beautiful, especially wedding s; Second, ing progress (or dream of progress) very quickly, good job,i like it.Unique: Interestingly, your heels in the stability of the  performance is very good, than I do of the pyramid is much better, I  that thanks to the design of high-heeled s.Revision:My advice, if you consider only the height of the 's s, you can use more slippers spire site. If you consider the value of T, and then try to join one pair of boots spire site should be good.Education.  1, creative need to establish a scientific basis. 2, more attempts will bring better ideas to achieve creative need more practice. 3, in some cases, girls do better than boys advantages."The design was simple yet interesting. I liked that you focused on the aesthetic of the  rather than just trying to make it tall. I wouldve loved to learn more detail and the story behind your approach. I am curious as to whether you achieved a taller  in any of your other attempts and to why you selected this  to submit (vs the other 4)? For example, what made you like this  better than the others your created? I liked that you went 'outside the box' with this assignment and that you kept it simple. It's refreshing to see an approach that isn't overcomplicated. As you stated (which is good to be reminded of), there is beauty in simplicity.This   is beautiful with the structure of a flowerpot. I really like it. This lady gave a detailed and truthful description. It lets me see a nice person who wants to look for the meaning of this exercise not a high . However, I  she is a little humble. The  is beautiful and the way it was created is interesting also. The ratings should be higher."I can't see the picture!i believe that  T is a beat small. However it is nice that you tried 9 times.""I would liked to see a photo of the , because one image is more than thousand words. But it seems that you don't write too much. You needed to describe your , and the s that you used, and how you made the ... but you do not explain it.""It's good to see that you descripe your process in details. You tried very hard to build this  , great!How about put the high heels on the top of the ? or some boots? They are taller than general s."I want give you an 'A'. You did well for this assignment.  Your  look like very stable and lovely.I  you can change the structure with quadrilateral and triangle. You effort is worth our learningThe  on top was great, with the smiley. In today's world it is a good association idea. Dear Peer 4, Your   is certainly stunning and beatiful too. Your idea of creating a  with s kept at a distance appears to be great. May be you can arrive at a T score by dividing the no. of s used insted of no. of pairs used. in creating the . Your   has propelled my thoughts and I have started experimenting with my s again. The creativity of a square is great.In this way the  can both handle more s and have the balance. It is interesting to use kids s on top of it. But this structure needs more s and four s give the  the height of only one . I learn if you do your best you can have a efficient performance and your failures help you do better each time than before.I like your idea. You have lots of s and can do arrange them more creatively. you are quite hard on yourself, giving only halfway marks for a decent try. Maybe you want to make more attempts? It is interesting that making a broader base also made the  higher. good work.Strengths of this submission are (1) the initiative to go to a  store for materials, (2) the description of the social barriers encountered, (3) the quality of the pictures provided, (4) the descriptions of frustrations like color choice, and (4) the involvement of others in the project. Most interesting was triangular configuration achieved by using similar size and weight s. Possible improvements might be (1) to describe failures and how they contributed to the final , (2) to provide more support for the creativity assessment, and (3) provide criteria for the subjective assessment of beauty. This submission reminded me to seek more input on projects and use more humor in describing projects. I was impressed with this submission.Great thing in our creativity course that you firstly tried to invent "another" way o:f making  . Would be easier to build it at home,but you choose different way. Thanks to that you have find news idea - about social barriers for creativity. In my opnin, it is very important and worth a lot. Me and, suppose, majority of the students thoght about HOW to build a . You put another task  WHERE to build it? Wuold be interesting to contiue this way and try to find different approaches for WHEn build your , or by WHOM, or explain WHY you build it. "Coffee breaks are definitely great to see  the project with a new look after the break. To step back and look again. You reached 104 cm. Well done! I wonder whether you could have reached this height with less s. I  you could with a different construction but it also depends on the strength of the s. Whether they bent or not. I  your picture should be better when you take it with the light in your back. It would make it easier to see the beauty of your . The  on the top has def. a very mysterious effect. I  thats a pity you focused on the height because it works limiting. When trying to be creative it is good to describe your goals, requirements and constraints. Only one goal, as high as possible, declines creativity except the creativity in different constructions; ways to place the s. If you had used the T-value and aesthetics your creativity should have reached out more I suppose. Nevertheless you did a great job on this exercise. I I admire very much that you've spent so much time on it. The way you describe your process is also very creative! I  that's something you're an example.to me :-)  Wishing you a fun, creative and educational course!Cheers"Absolutely stunning   you built. I like the method you used especially when you put one  into another. Great work. I like that you have used all sorts of  type and not always in pairs. The high heeled ones are definitely boost the look of the . I give you a 10 on the appearance  and 8 on creativity. Keep up the good work Monicabeautiful  and novel.I liked the way they used s upside down .would have been better if the base is broader.different way of building a ..I According to me the bottom layer or we ca say the strategy used is good. The interesting is that student has asses his work from is past work because we are best judges of ourselves.The student has used other footwear for third layer which is not allowed so that he or she has to care about. Till today I just believe in "Practice makes Perfect" but today I learned that it not only make perfect but its also give the idea in each attempt. "The shape it's not the traditional The most interesting is the top of the tree,which is like moon .All the s are sneakers ,Can you choose more forms the next time?Not only  of the traditional way""The  was beautiful and simple. I love the colors of the tennis s which gave it a nice touch. I love the idea that you gave yourself an 8 and had fun with the exercise. Good luck to you.""Bad, not creative, and constructive.Not unique and interesting at all.Don't have revisions for this terrible  . It's as bad as it is.Terrible work.""I can totally identify with your process.  Due to time constraint, it is hard to really achieve a creative and beautiful  .  I gave myself similar low scores.However, I find that I can learn quite a few things from your description.  Apparently, you are a very organized person.  You set up a clear goal even before your started to try: ""minimum 100 cm with 20-24 pair of s with in 3 to 5 attempts in maximum of 40 minutes"".  In your description, I can see this kind of precision everywhere, even in your photo.  (I doubt how many people will put the measuring tape beside the  .) According to the creative style we learn this week, you must belong to the more structured side.On the other hand, I had a pretty loose structure for my experiment.  I just randomly tried different ways to build the  without a set agenda.  When I found out the task was more difficult than I had thought, I chose the simplest way.  I just piled the s one on top of another.  Thus, I had a 74cm  , using just 10 s (not 10 pairs.  There is a small mistake in your calculation).  So my T value is 7.4.  My logic is: since I can't increase my T value by using more s,  why waste the effort?  Yes, so I am the lazy type of creative er ^_^It is quite interesting to see two different types of people coming up with totally different results using the same amount of time. (I used about 35 minutes)  Thanks for your sharing."Wow! Different type of design. I like your approach.  Please continue to build the structure."Positive: great creativity.Unique: unique shape.Revision: mybe you can do better with one more revision.Education: another aspect of ing."I really like the fact that you changed from just stacking s randomly to having a "game plan" with your "triangle button". I  by using the s both vertically and horizontally you managed to gain height as well as a good asthetic value making the  look quite different to many of the other s. My favorite is the boot on the top! Great way to finish and add loads of height with 1 ! "This is really creative design but there still have some suggestion that you might be useful to redevelop this  .First, try to make the base of the  more stable that you will have much more space to develop the upside of the ..Furthermore, you cloud find more s in variety of kinds to let you have multiple choices when you want to built a  . That might make your   reach a higher height! ""Hey there! looks great, I like the height you used off the bat, the boots are definitely a big boost, I  had it been me, I would of turned the bottom boots (flat ones) upside down and the put them in the boots with heels which would of given you another flat surface to build it really high, as well as adds stability to it. You did a great job and it looks awesome!Rob"hello, definitely proyectaste many things in that picture, and I  from what I read, you accomplished the goal because you let your inner self to create a story with just a photo, ask s to your neighbors, it also speaks to solve the problem of not having material, which is very valuable, although I note the height ... just lacked a little but great. I'll take the picture .congratulations 9Positive: this is really great. it seems excellent effort. nice to see it i really found this   really interesting, the s were put in a really structured way, and creative way. whats unique is that the way the s are balanced and put together. and in my opinion there is no improvements to be done because its really nice but maybe if you chose s that have colors that fit together more. i really learned how people can  differently, i mean it never occurred to me that i can  belt the s together, which is really smart."1. I feel good in seeing a mix of aesthetics and good height.2. The circular cavity formed in the center is appealing to me. 3. The interplay of different colors is also interesting to note. 4.  could haven been higher if I focused more on height than on looks.5. Self evaluation has helped me to critically evaluate the process I followed and I learnt that creative solutions may not be obtained with pressing deadlines. ""I love the photos of the successes as well as the failures.  Even without words, the photos tell the story of how you learned from each failure or success and continued to refine your design.I find the tripod base of Attempt 2 very pleasing and unique and would agree that it is the most ""beautiful"" of the three. However, the vertical pink s in Attempt 3 made me giggle and I  I prefer that design over Attempt 1.  Had you been able to combine those two elements in a single , would have had a really fantastic  with a nice compromise between height & beauty. . .and even a bit of humor (if s can be humorous).Out of all the approaches I read, it seems everyone quickly came to the realization that their foundation was key.  I also had to toss an extra pair of s into my foundation just to stabilize my .  I wasn't happy with how it changed the design, but realized it was a necessary evil.  Perhaps having a strong foundation is a metaphor for much of life. . .""Appreciate the effort putting in to create the  . this one has a strong base and somewhat similar to pyramid structure. Revision part: Even though it has a pyramis structure, it also feels like just simply stacked. Innovation is not limited to any border, it has many ways. "I found it very clever that you use the s as a support in form of a ring at the bottom of the small ..could have thought of this myself. The big photo is a bit dark but the  looks good and stable as far as I can see.It have no Imagination just Simply piling up . I  the  is not very good and i can do more better .The  is kind of OK type, not much organised, seems to be coulourful, yet not up to the standards."Your   is excellent. I have to say I also used slippers to build the  but mine is just about 60cm tall. I guess it's kind of because of the long rain boots :). And your  is much larger than mines since you used more s and yours seems more stable than mine.I see you spend a afternoon to build the .Maybe I should spend more time on this exercise. Anyway, I like your design."It's really tall is't it ? But i  it have no Imagination , rightI  you can spend more time and try different ways to build the  . "I like your . It looks like a ! I like the pointed top, and the idea with the slippers works very well. I  the final  really reflects the time you spend on it, and the improvements you made. It's well thought-out. In your evaluation I  you could spend some more words on the creative aspect, but of course this is the first exercize. I was struggling a bit with that myself as well, to find a way to practise creativity in the evaluation. I  it's very interesting to see how someone else build the . Your  is so much different from mine! I immediately got ideas how to combine your building structure with my technique. I  that working together might have got the best out of it. That's a nice lesson, isn't it? That you can be even more creative when inspiring each other. Good luck with the next exercizes!(Sorry, I can no find where to fill in the grade.... now the system says I graded you 0, which is obviously not fair!)""My   has good design and stable even though narrow. As mentioned above it is narrow when compared to the initial shapes that I had in mind, which is again an achievement. Could have tried to make it one more step taller. I learned, failure should not stop you from achieving results. "These s and this  appear to belong to someone very serious. Are all of his s black and white? I  it is interesting that in his comments he noted how quickly he got his  built, maybe he just had more important things to  about. "What a great  you have!! From your , clearly can see you are indeed a  lover, how many pair of s you actually have?? The colors you used indicated you are very positive person. There are many great idea you have, utilized as many  as the bottom of the  and I especially like you finishing move - The flat bottom high heel and those two black high heel on the both side. And yes, I  9 is fair for your . This  is simply awesome and unique with your own style. Just one point, I understand that you are tried to use all your  for your . I  you can achieve even better height if you use some other types of  such as baby , slipper, Lastly, it is good for me to know that there are some other ways to build the . Thank you!!""Positive- The   is strategically  built, neat and clean.Unique- The  Creative style of the   is very unique.Revision: I  this is an excellent job but you can improve on time delivery may be from 6 to 3. Education: with  his exercise i have learned that everybody is creative and i now believed that if we can put our creative mind into work we will do unable. ""1. The first picture let me  associate some kind of high speed train. The shape of  is great. 2. The two kinds of structure are used to meet two different purposes. one for aesthetics and another for height requirement.3. You can try to put s vertically on the top layer. It will improve the height and T value for both of your s.4. I will rate 8 for the beauty of  and 7 for creative level.5. I learn an important thing from your art: A  could be beautiful even it is not high. "I can not load the picture .I tried to refresh ,but it didn't work.I can probably imagine your  looks.It is so great.you are a very structured and detailed er.You do better than me .The way you  is worth learning."I am happy to review this  . This is an interesting  . Actually is looking very nice .. i  because of its top ! ;-) :-P .. now on speaking about other aspects...Actually the sender herself [seeing the kind of s used.. i could understand :-)] is reflecting that she could have used a wide range of s than her favorites...So, the   seems limited...Yet, I would say..  Its impressive to get the  height of 53 cm with just 9 s..!""Student Number 1's Show  looks stable and sturdy. Making use of ALL flat s looking at the picture's angle makes it a very challenging assignment. Yet, Student Number 1 managed to come up with a tall  at 140cm with 50 s.A better designed  top using vertically positioned s would even improve this deign into a taller structure. Also, arranging the s according to well coordinated colors could make this Show  even more attractive. Making a good photo quality would also help in giving a positive impression to this work.Overall, this activity in creating a Show  has been very helpful for me and I believe for most if not all of the students in this class. Coming out with something creative from common items such as s is a fulfilling activity. Thank you for the opportunity.""P: I really appreciate the student`s openness about the   exercise being a challenge. It' s rather comical. U: This submission is unique because you can infer from the sentence structure that the student is analytical.R: It would have been helpful to have a picture or adjective driven description of the  .E: One thing I did learn from this submission is that the student was driven to complete this challenging task."Its a beautiful  with many different variety of s.The  is colourful and enjoyed the picture."There is something really aesthetically pleasing about the two white flip flops at the top of your . Form and function = great design.Nice in-depth description of your  building process and self-assessment of beauty and creativity.The way you talk about the compromise you made for stability and your self-depreciating humor sets your reflection apart from others that Ive read. You sound like the kind of person who is able to describe your process in detail without sounding egocentric, but the one aspect not covered was how much fun you had doing the exercise. Your self-assessments inspired me to  more analytically my own."I do not see the picture, from the description I know about the situation, you can imagine the happiness of the couple completed   scene together, so you can say love makes a great  . Of course, the weight at the bottom with a light on top, this should be the key to success, learning"All of the questions were answered succiently and factually. In comparison to my own  I  that it was a good height! I  that it is interesting how a lot of us use the opinion of our family to determine the beauty of something that is not usually measured by its 'beauty'. I wondered whether a measure of creativity is the number of attempts that we would undertake and if one attempt lined up 8 out of 10."simple sturdy tall beautiful symmetric innovative creative  fantastic awesome  niceThe   exercise made me aware of the major elements that go into the fundamental building of any process, The Design elements how well you can design and more important the level of clarity you can bring about in executing the perfect design is the realisation part of it.add to that the requirement analysis and the finding the right material, the right choice, the team and coordination efforts proved important for this   exercise ,Honestly I never thought   could this high and complex. i have learned a tip or two on coordination and cohesiveness to gel projects together and achieve the desired results .greetings, congratulations, it appears that you put a lot of effort into your work, I really liked the picture you placed, also seems very accurate your estimate of the height of the . I  you were very creative and that you had fun with it. For me the  was made well because student has used 45 s for this.Another thing is that making the broad base is good idea so  don't fall in halfway.As critical part I will say it very good  but student has to use  wear only as per guidelines. As a learner I learn that if base is strong so can't be defeated "Completion is very good. The picture vividly described the s  height and appearance. Step is concrete, the words is right. But the individual words and grammatical remain some problems . I hope you will work harder, do better."I  you have made such a great   and you absolutely learned a lot from it.It is more or less Debien to work but I missed placed the photographs of the other s."The  looks quite sturdy. That's great.I find it interesting that you did not focus on height but on design and on an odd number of s.It might be better to focus on more challenging goals in order find creative solutions.I learned from your process that it might be worth to re goals.""Both the number and the variety of creative styles used in your attempts are impressive.Openly acknowledging your willingness to challenge the parameters is what sets your attempts apart from the other attempts Ive seen. Throwing the rules  and your   up in the air to see where it takes you. What a great image.Your restraint in not reading others attempts is admirable but you are the kind of person that could acknowledge the inspiration found in other peoples ideas and then take it way further using your own perspectives. Your different perspectives  scientific, metaphorical, defiant  led my thoughts in new directions. I like your acknowledgement that there are good reasons for why we stick with the tried and true  there is beauty and utility in them. A few misfires or solutions-in-progress along the way aren't a problem."I  my strengths are unique shape. Such modeling want to try a combination of s. Interestingly want this exercise, we must first try to enjoy yourself in the process. Feel a lot of fun! If I can find the style and rich colors of the s, visually see some of it should be better.Good presentation with a "colorful topping".Its tall and employs many s and though it appears to be piled up still does look like a good solid  .Well done!It looks really cool that you had them staple by put them inside each other. I like it!I  I can get an 'A'.In this assignment,I do all things by myself and  positive."Positive: First, highlight the strengths of the submission - what was done well?  Give happy comments right away, and be considerate and constructiveUnique: Next, comment on interesting and unique aspects of the submission - what did you find interesting about it? Revision: Third, be a critical friend - what suggestions do you have for improvement or revision.  The purpose is not so much to grade as to interact and suggest.Education.  Close by reflecting on what you learned and how you were educated from the submission as a feedback provider.""Hi!Im really happy to be able to evaluate your work! I like the idea of the stability triangle which kept the  from falling, also your explanation, although short, included all the most important points and made sense. I  5 points is definatelly too little, your  looks great!!! Comparing it to some other ones it looks very unique (the furry s in the center caught my attention most!). Its full of what I would call beautiful chaos which I really like :D. What I  you could improve is the ammount of detail you gave in the explanation, I know some people here arent native speakers (Im also not ;) join the club!) but you could have written more in the first question! As your feedback provider I mainly learnt how to use the PURE approach to giving feedback as well as how different people approached this exercise differently and how all ideas were so unique (I saw many  s in my evaluation reviews as well as the forums and I never saw two  looking the same, its amazing!).It was nice to give you feedback and I hope I helped a bit,Wawa""Hey, it looks very stable for this  towel. Looks strong enough to stand for strong winds.I  most people do like this one.And it's quite tall that's why I  it's very good.""You have done very well as you tried.Congrats ! you have completed task.Be little more explanatory towards answers.You didn't answered last question.Please stay motivated you have a lots of potential.Good Luck.""I was disciplined in my approach as I considered different options and visualize them in my mind before I experimented and build the . Though I only had three pairs of s, I maximized each  to good use. I could have been faster and more decisive during testing of available options. I took long time to jump right on and put my design options to test. I have known myself better and reinforces my earlier belief that I take more calculated risks and wanted to ensure that every aspect of my next steps are anticipated and well planned for.  "I like your , it looks like very stable structure! I admire how you are really honest about your actions - you admit that you can do better and set some goals for the future. Maybe, you can really add more s to build higher , but I would recommend try to put one  in the bottom. It's definetely easy to fall, as you have already mention, but after some attempts you can create the necessary balance. I see that you have some s with flat sole as sneakers and blue flats - you can put them together one on one and make them squashed, so they would hold their shape. Then you can place on top of the  sandals and put black heels in them, so the belts would hold them. I suppose it can make your  higher without any additional s; moreover, it can provide you with a lot of failures and attempts, which are necessary for this course. Thank you for your honest opinions and reflections - it was really helpful for me to read them. I  my    is  quite simple .In my eyes ,it's beautiful. When compared with others , I found  I try less times and this is what I have to improve !"Positive: As we all know , It is important to  build a solid base for s . You do it.     Unique:   Using a boot on the top of the  is  Creativity.Revision: Your s is really a lot  more  than myself.Education. Very well."I like the shape of it,it's very creative.And I suppose that you pay more attention to the creative part,so the value for the metric is not that much.Maybe when you try next time,you can build a tall and creative s ."Hello,I am very impressed with your reflexion and the lesson you took from your   exercise. Finding life lessons, such as being healthy, hard work, fun and rest.  Obviously, you spent a lot of time trying, failing, learning, and succeeding at last. I also have to tap your back for that. You carefully read the instruction and followed it. The fact that you only used 11 pairs to reach 89cm proves your creativity.If you have to do this again, I would suggest you to use more s, to get higher  and working a little bit on matching colors and s together. You also, might want to try building the  in regular forms: Rectangular, round. Again, keep up your good work. ""Positive: It's well done with high T value and beautiful shape. I like it.Unique: The shape of the  surprised me. It is a great way to increase the T value.Revision: None at this moment. I do like the  created by the author.Education: I haven't thought of doing it in this way because when I knew I needed to build a   I already have a  image in my head. I just followed what I have in my head and didn't try other options. ""I did well in making a stable . The  has not much aesthetics. Its not unique since its just simply stacking the s on top of each other. My next step should have been to try other design. I didnt look at other  s in Google images so as not to influence my choices. Its fun to  and make simple exercises as making a  ."Self  feedback on my s.. The sneaker  taught me the basics of balance. I prefer the  of heels because the  is more interesting  with various colors and airy space between the layers. Maria's  taught me if you throw enough s to create a strong base you can build a strong . Posting 3 photos was overkill yet it helped me examine my building and creative strengths. In general I still need more innovation. Generally speaking, I have a reflection of the process, this time, I  the failure of enough, should be a few times in innovation.  NO pictures. Only diagrams in stacks though not of s. The instruction is to build  entirely of SHOES. Very analytical and good description of the stacks and of great detail  but can't compare with any picture/diagram. I suggest my coursemate needs to be more careful and read the basic instructions well before submission. "I really like your idea of using each  as a layer - your   is both tall and  efficient. Stopping in the beginning to  about how you wanted to approach the problem was a good idea.I like how minimalist the  is, it adds to the beauty of the . Your  has the prettiest silhouette I've seen so far. I noticed how you utilized the unique features of each  - using laces, straps, etc. for support.I don't really have any revisions to suggest - I would just like to point out that you forgot to give yourself a number rating for the beauty of the .When I was beginning my , I thought of building a  like yours - one  per layer - but I couldn't find a way to make it work. Seeing your solution was enlightening. Great work!"Positive--it was done well. Very thorough descriptions. Liked the various types of s that were used. "Hey~Although I cant see your picture,I can understand what your    look like.You are so good because you made a higher  than mine and took little time.Maybe you can make your s stand,so that you would make little s.I would try to take less time and make much tries~THANK YOU~""First thing is that you have really worked very hard. I appreciate it very much.I simply love it. :)Be more confident and 'Believe' on yourself.I've learned to work hard and stay motivated.Good LuckI give you 9 out of 10."You have done lots of preparation to this work. And you do learn something from the assessment.But it would be better if there is a picture about your work.Good work, you thought this   building process as a mind plan and then started to work on actual one. The imagination was real. bravo dear courserian!Wow, really great, first make a judgment based on the basic shape of the , the twin s of the design is very powerful, but unfortunately not enough s, the whole process of integration of the thought process for the structural design of the  , from which I have gained new inspiration, it seems that I can try to put forward a miracle out of the twin s, ha haThe long boots used very nice,but the bottom needs more s to hold."Hi, it is really nice design and it is one of the most magnificence   I have ever seen!But however, I have some suggestion for you that you might find it's useful when you built a   next time.First of all, personally I  you use too much s as the base of the , why don't you try to use a triangle base instead a 2-2 base. That might let your  reach a higher height or reach the same height with less s!For another thing, put the heavier s on the base and put the lighter s on the top. For instance, in your , why don't you put the slippers on the top and put the boots on the base instead of the sneakers. That will enhance the stability of your .Cheers,Jonathan Zhu"You are doing a good job in this week! But you can't use just a .         I  my work is not very good compared with others.But I  I am in basic fixed, the use quantity and s have certain advantages.The disadvantage is the overall look not beautiful.I will be pay attention to do this in the next work, observing the life things and put them in the work . I will be dedicated to this way of innovation.It is amazing,at first I see it,I just want to said,what is this?so ugly!but...wait,this is easy to build ,but it is great!it seems like very stable,only five s.i  it is a good idea for me to  build my s .The   structure looks nice and it's more stable. Nice creative idea execution"Your  is very original, I like perhaps neither it is too tall nor It 's very pretty, but how you say the value T is OK.I have learned with you this, that It is important to balance the number of s with the height or the equivalent effort vs results""I like your , the way it looks, the toppest  is also good.They way you put s in back to make a base for other s is a good approach(the  which it's back is yellow)I know you didn't have access to other s, but the color of your  could be less dark.I  base of your  is powerful enough, I mean the 8 s you used for the base.I  you could have used some s vertically to make it better.""i like the fact you thought about the height of your   and creative to find a man who whore it.(or the other way around)but i  you should have actually made one  some how(may be photoshop  in your case)  to be more creative. 5"The strengths of this submission are (1) the whimsy and joy in the description, (2) the description of the characteristics of the final , (3) the explanation of how the builder decided the  was complete, and (4) the good T value achieved. The most interesting aspect of the  was the curve at the top. Potential areas for improvement are (1) description of the prototypes created, (2) explanation of why the project was considered difficult, and (3) elaboration of the new ideas applied to building the . This submission taught me that a good estimation process such as using the hand to measure is a very handy tool. "Positive: hey, that's a huge ! My own T number was lower.Unique: this   is pretty straightforward. But it is high, and it stands quite straight. It must have been some creative skills in there!Revision: well, this is the simplest structure you could build from s. Maybe some more ideas?Education: I learned that I am not unique :)  I also asked my friend to evaluate my . Besides, it is always interesting just to see what others have done."Well done! It's a good way to build a stable and high   which is also good to look regardless of the "T" value. This idea maximize the advantage of the material and reduce the rate of failure. It's a fairly good job, congrats!"I believe that given the rush and pressure of starting the class later in the week distracted you from your primary mission to exist creative in your final project. Which in my opinion you have underestimated your ability, your  turned out very well. You gained a very wide base to form your foundation, your used the varying aspects of each  to achieve your objective.  Directional orientation surface direction, structural utilization {heal inside the body of the underlying  to gain stability.         The beauty in my opinion exists in the  itself and the contrasting features of the tile floor and the contrasting background. The color contrast within the  and a successful free standing structure, combined with the tile flooring placement and two vertical backdrops exists as a creative plus you neglected to consider {thats a Good Thing}.  You could have slide the  to the right just to pick up the diamond shape feature of the tile, nevertheless overall your project exist quite well presented. Your focus was solely on the  and not the photographic assented value.  Still all things considered I would rate your project at a 9 for  alone and a 10 for the photographic aesthetics'  / beauty in the contrasting materials and surfaces you selected. Congratulations on a Great Final Project"It was a very good  , The way he put the  was interesting , Very nice work, beautiful as well. Classification into winter, summer etc were very very good. Basement might have done more solid. I learnt that peak can be modified like this , I did by using three slippers.... It is a creative idea.By the way,this s is beautiful.You just ues a pair of s and you make a good homework.I like your reasoning to strengthen the base first and then we can easily add more s too the top. It will give a solid structure. By making the  vertically in the top can help the  getting higher. But, I  you used too many s at the base. It will be interesting if you put less  in the base and see how it is going. Maybe you can vary the position of the , so the  still can stand with less . I'm just looking an effective way to build the base. Good effort!"congratulations!you have completed your first assignment !it's good to take pictures of your   every timeas long as you store your memories.efforts in a digital wayyou can  back the valuable experience more easilyin my opinion, laces are the part of sanyway,there's no clear instructions about itso,maybe just follow your heart and use laces:)if you  that your   is not beautiful enough because of the smaybe you can try to use some softwares(ex:photoshop) to adapt your photos it will definitely add some aesthetic feeling to themi can see that you made lots of efforts on building  sand i appreciate your work a lothope you can have fun in every innovative experience""The   was very well done. It was colourful, creative and tall. What I found interesting was how you have used some s to increase height. I  that perhaps if you could have managed to balance some more s vertically, you could have increased your height and made your assignment more unique and interesting.I learnt how to make the best of what you have and produce something creative."the photo reminds me of a circus seal balancing a ball. I see the ball is just for fun or to show how well balanced your  is. It appears to me that you haven't followed instructions that well. You don't say how many times you tried to build the ; I  that you are saying you just built it once but were revising as you went along, taking advice from friends? It was good to involve your friends. You said you used 4 pairs of s but I see 9 s in the photo so I  there are either 4.5 or 5 pairs. You havent actually given the final T value (80/8 = 10 or 80/9 = 8.9 or 80/10 = 8 ) and is the  really 80 cm tall WITHOUT the ball - I don't  so! I've learned that instructions do matter as they give you an aim, a purpose to fulfill.I  my s  is very spectacular. The answer is very detailed, step is very detailed. But the grammar and individual words also exist many problems. In the future I will redouble our efforts, to do betterI like the fact that it looks like my  :-) so we were both 'perfect in design' :) And, very clever the way you got maximum height by putting the last  vertical, very good! You have impressed me with your perseverance, I got frustrated after 5 attempts.I like  like this. The structure is actually quite beautiful. I hope you did enjoy yourself. There seems to be lacking of description of design process and revision? If I got it wrong, just ignore me. But if it is the case, maybe next time try to lay out all the designs you can come up, then test and review each of them, and see if you have any new idea coming out from there? Personal experience. I find that a useful process when dealing with the practical side of designI like the way that you have approached this task. Great job, you did well!Very creative and it actually is giving the impact of a ."Positive: The author collaborated with his family and their collaborative attempts were fun. The T value is great.Unique: I have tried to put my s in this way but I failed. Maybe because my s are too small and some are with heels. I  it is also important to choose the right s to make this .Revision: None at this moment. Maybe the author can add one pair of lighter s on the top? I'm not sure because I failed to do that. I don't live with my family. My s are the same size (5). Education: According to what I read about creativity, collaboration is an important aspect. If I can collaborate with my roommate like this author, maybe I could have done a better job;)""OK, after seeing some classmate's work. Now I have to admit this   looks very ugly.The uniqueness would be it's top.It's quite different with the s below.Things I learn is I need to try more times if possible next time." A good effort to reach 75 cms and to use only 12 s.  A strong structure using a mixture of s, boots, crocs and thongs to make the . Not the usual type of student s though. Placing the higher level s inside the others could let you build higher structures. Considered against the other s I have seen I  the creativity ratings are close as is the score for beauty.The work is good but majorly for educational purposes only"Positive:  I like the compact nature with solely high heals.Unique: The volocano structure and compactness.Revision:  You didn't attempt fast failures.Education:  You only did it one time and took the organic and improvised approach."This student is persistent in finding the best way to build a stable  , even after running into some issues.  It is good to see that the student realises that there is always room to improve, and have made some suggestions of how to improve.  My suggestion to the student is not to underestimate the time spent ing, planning and designing it.  The advantage of ing and planning is to reduce the time spent trying out things that you know definitely won't work.  I realised that the way I approach this problem was very similar to this student.The   built by you was amazing and totally what was mentioned in the question.You used a totally different technique and i enjoyed reading your progress a lot.I learned to built a   using a different technique"You write very short and I can't  see your picture.Probably because my English level is limited, I don't know what ""previosly"" mean.I  if you can be more serious, there will be a better results.I'm looking forward to your next work, I  you also look forward to it, are youPSMy English is not good, if there is problem on the express, please forgive me, thank you."Evaluation"Hahaha first thing I thought when I saw your picture: Angry bird wants to destroy the ! :-)))Love the way you did the exercise with your son! I  creativity is very important, probably more important than anything else. It is good to do creative tasks with your kid.You reached 95 cm. Well done! I wonder whether you could have reached this height with less s. I  you could with a different construction but it also depends on the strength of the s. Whether they bent or not. I  it is a pity  you focussed on height because it works limiting. When trying to be creative it is good to describe your goals, requirements and constraints. Only one goal, as high as possible, declines creativity except the creativity in different constructions; ways to place the s. If you had used the T-value and aesthetics your creativity should have reached out more I suppose. Nevertheless you did a great job on this exercise. I I admire very much that you've spent so much time on it. Your description of the process is fabulous. It feels almost if I were sitting next to you both. Amazing. I  that is also the most important thing of this exercise I learnt from you!!! I have my kids more involved with my assignments! Big thank you for this lesson! :-)Btw: agree with your explanation about the creativity scale.  Wishing you a fun, creative and educational course!Cheers"I  your   is very beautiful and artistic.You did a good job."Firstly, let me acknowledge that the photo quality is good! Which enables the viewer to appreciate even better the various colors of s used in this project. About this Show , what I find unique is that Student Number 2 emphasized the point of getting other people's opinions about how to go about it. This obviously influenced the output of this activity. Since this  used a number of s with various colors, it would have been interesting to see the output should the s have been arranged in well coordinated colors. With the bright colored s with gild accent as highlights. One of these bright colored s could have been used for the  top.Generally, looking into the various outputs the students were able to create from this activity is just inspiring. It gave me the valuable insight that looking at things that different angles can bring about different results. Great assignment! Thank you!"greetings, congratulations, it appears that you put a lot of effort into your work, I really liked the picture you placed, also seems very accurate your estimate of the height of the . I  you were very creative and that you had fun with it. It is artistically as you say. Like it for its nice colour.The amount of effort was good. The structure looks interesting, I liked the stuffing of s inside the boots to make it stable. Although with the variety of s you have. you could have tried other designs too and added color to your structure. What I learnt from this submission is that never stop ing new ways, that even if you've reached a goal, you can still make it better and better very tall . Ltitle work on looking better.Well done, nice tryFirst of all, I want to say that the main strenght that I notice from your exercice is that all the s are in different positions and the bright colours tried were so goodlooking. Then I have to take note about all the comments you made in order to make your   more taller. After that, I want to write about an improvement for other  s, try to risk in your s, you have hability and you can do it better and more higher, Ending, I have to say that I learn a lot about peer revisions and I , the submissions they made me can be very positive. I enjoyed the color I put into my own  and the way I used some of the s in an unusual way. I  while my  wasn't the tallest with the best T-Value, I was able to convey how I  when I design something from the start and then get an idea of possible ways to improve myself. Retrospectively, I should have avoided the extra s and really focus on going straight up. I guess for the next assignments I will work to not over them like I did this one!. "(1) I was shocked when I had my first sight at the picture, 44 s...I'm living a single life near my university, all the s I got was 16...Well, She really did a great job to arrange all these s and set them up.(2)boots was definately a good option to be used as a doundation because its large size and regular shape.High heel was a weakness as a materia for foundation while it  can make huge difference as it were used on the top layer, why not try 8 cm high heel as the top of your ?(^ ^)(3)For me, the tructure of   in  my plan is the most important part, I chose the tetrahedron.Then texture and weight is also critical, I agree with her on using boot and high-top sneakers as a foundation.But the T-value seems not to be so satisfying.When I finished design my , I try to ask myself is there any s I can detach off,or replace by other s like Tata(plantform s),which make this s far more interesting.4).obsolutely a outstanding work you have done.I failed servral times and finally try to use ""all high heel s"" strategy, but I am male so I got no high heel...You pay extra attention on beauty of your  that impressed on me because I ignored it completly."I was very happy with my  as soon as I saw the photo, i found the colours and location interesting as I am an artist and often include surreal elements in my own work, I would probably try better in terms of time as im always left with the feeling that it could have been better!I have learned a great deal through this exercise , specially through studying and evaluating other peoples work, it is the most simple and effective exercise i have done for a long time."I am greatly impressed by creative arrangment of s for .  is neat and clean and i cannot see dirt anywhere. Excellent!Building a 76 cm tall  by using only 4 pair of shows is result of  unique ing and is worth appreciating.Although hardwork was done in making a  but a lot of important information is missing that was required. E.g., How beautiful was your   ? One way to rate this question is by your own measure, how many attempts do you want to make, and how intense (e.g., in minutes) should each be?  What value do you want to reach for yourself?I learned from this assignment that by using limited number of s we can build a tall . And if we don't fill the space for answers correctly we can lose marks despite of hardwork in doing practical work. ""I gave 8.P: It is nice to try several attempts and build the   with 76cm.  U: The base looks interesting.R: I would recommend you to give a mark about the beauty of your   and maybe show it more people. E: For me, I also tried to erect one  in another but did not build such a base to achieve the height. It is informative for me to review your work."I love your  . Though it's not that high, it has unique beauty. The blue  on the top of the  was great but I  you could make it better if you reduce the quantity of s of your base. Maybe attempting more could allow you to build a taller ."There is lot of work in your design. The fact that you have used an abstraction of the task, shows a creative view; you really have thought out of the box and that involves innovation. At the same time your  is colorful and nice.I believe that the aesthetical part is important, that's the reason why the T value bothers me as well but, have you tried to build a real s' ? If not, try it! You might realize about other cognitive and practical factors which play a main role in the creative process.Good learning, classmate!!!"hahaha enjoyed a lot .It was amazing to look such a beautiful and good looking  with colourful s"Good job. I like how you thought about it. I like the idea of Game of thrones that was unique.Have you tried using less s like 5? and calculating the T value? I tried 8 times 4 fails before i get to the right idea and after i got it I had to iterate it another 4 times till I got a T value of 14.2 using only 5 s. I discovered it wasn't about more s more height, it was about the right amount of s to get the highest T. It's about solving a problem and coming up with the best solution."I like the way that you have approached this task. Great job, you did well!First of all,the idea is very good,in the process of production to step by step,to design and gradually perfect.Second,s appearance design of the  is also very good looking,neat and easy,have rules.Through the s design of the ,I understand that innovationn is essential to life,it can make things more beautiful and convenient."Dear fellow-student,Thanks for the effort taken.You used beautiful boots so first and second glance are positive one's.So for the beauty of it you underestimated yourself, remember s are not meant to be bricks so loose a lot of their looks in their project as i observed in my own and others outcome!So i would consider at least an 7. For creativity a definite 7; what point on the scale are you aiming for at the end of the course?You made good use of the strength of the typical aspects of boots, long and sturdy, you even overcame the usual problem that the taller they are the weaker the top.Creative and adding to the beauty is the use of the boots at the side to aesthetically cover the pyramid of ordinary boots.I can imagine it toke you a while to find the right combinationsHope these comments help and have fun,Take care"Dear Peer 2, It was great to see your projects with entirely different (=innovative) thoughts. Initialy I was little surprised to see the  with just three s, however your next project was astonishing with higher T value. In my view, lady peers would have certain advantage as their footwear will include s with high heels, block heels and long boots in their -rack which will give them an extra height. Your idea of adding an altitude is surely an innovative thought."Really a great one! neatly arranged. The uniqueness in this work is that it is well balanced construction. I can feel the hard-work behind this work. if these s are arranged in a vertical process the  may be little more taller than this.My learning from this work is that Don't be satisfied with single idea, Unfold your own thoughts.""You are a creator!!I feel you are a more innovative creator ^^.That's great! Just try to learn some structural skills.You will be the best!!"My  was nice even if not so attractive, I find interesting the fact that I have not understood the T value and so I was satisfied for the overall result. I have learned that it is important to read the forums as if I had done it I could have made a better , as long as understood question better."ChineseChinesePositiveUnique:Revision:Education:"Very nice work, beautiful as well. Classification into male, female etc were very very good. Basement might have done more solid. I learnt that peak can be modified like those, I evaluated.... My 's structure was too old fashioned. I have to improove it being more creative."Positive:  I love the steep structure of the s, and how it was achieved with larger sneakers.Unique:  I love illusion in the middle or ""waistline"" where there is a ligher show amongst all of the dark s.  I'm surprised the creator was concerned about the dark colors.  The  is beautiful.Revision:  I have no critiques.   A reverse ""ombre"" color cascade could have worked with lighter colors on the top.Education:  This structure is inspiring because of the 8 or 9 fast failures to achieve such a beautiful structure."Positive is that I made it in just one attempt. I do not find any unique feature. Of course there is a lot of room for revision. One thing is that most of my s have diamante on them so in this way I found it difficult to build a big structure. Hopefully now keeping all these points in mind I would perform better. "FirstI  when you do this work,you  about the structure of this  is good.Because someone once have a  failure,they won't want to have a try,so you are ing careful.Second,you said"" I have a fear to lose control of the structure so no attempts & no revisions.""I  if you don't fear,just do it once more,maybe you will do it  better and you will get high score in your expect.Finally,any s can make ,I give up some kinds of s,next time i will join them in my work."Your   looks like a candy. I'd eat it if it was made up of chocolate. 86 CM HIGH CHOCOLATE CANDY!!! I love the idea of putting boots upside down, made a really strong base . T value is also very good. My only suggestion would be to stuff a  vertically into the top boot. That would further increase the height (it worked for me). You've put a lot of effort in making this   which makes it the tastiest   ever."(First of all,I can't understand the demand quite well that I may confuse you.)Advantages:    1.I  you have did quite an effective job for your 'T' is around 6 which can be a large number in my opinion.    2.The way you use that put s inside to fix the structure is so amazing that I wonder how do you complete such hard work.    3.You describe your  so particularly.(Which makes me spend such a long time to understanding it (=^ ^=) )   Advice:    1.Slippers are so light that you can use them for a more good-looking and higher structure.For example,use two slippers like '/\' on the top of your structure.    2.I  you'd better make the things around the  in order,which may make your  look more effective.    3.The position of the picture where you take it can get down to to its' middle part.The way could help you describe your  more objectively.Education:    Thanks for providing such lively example for me which can widen my thoughts. Announcement:     After all,as a Chinese,my English isn't good enough for me to express my opinions well.However,I have to use my terrible English since I can't be sure whether you use Chinese,as well.    So please forgive me for what I haven't explain well or my impolite behaviour.""So far that was the highest T value.I tried 8 times 4 fails before i get to the right idea and after i got it I had to iterate it another 4 times till I got a T value of 14.2 using only 5 s. I discovered it wasn't about more s more height, it was about the right amount of s to get the highest T. It's about solving a problem and coming up with the best solution."Kudos for the height and the beautiful background. The way you used engineering concept to achieve balance is commendable. However you could have made more beautiful by paying attention to aesthetics. On and all I learned how I too could increase height of my  by seeing yours. thank you.I thought it introduced a variety of different materials and medium.  I was please with it.  On reflection it could have been taller and perhaps I should have made more attempts but perhaps I don't have the engineering skils.  I learned a lot about how other people could interpret the same problem in so many different ways"I love your  !!!!Simple and beautiful!! Get more !!! Built a BIG one!!!  "I like my approach to the challenge and using another famous  as an example. Creativity wise I'm still missing an important factor. I also need to make it more aesthetic. "Hi,You just end up with the same design I ended up with, and I fully agree with your considerations.You know, someone else used also boots, which gives very high T with few s used.Suggestion: the picture was poor. It might have jeopardised your effort.Compliments"It is actually good .I like different colored s you used.Top white  attracts attention.But yet I  the base is little broader.if lock & key fashion is used then it will minimize space you taken.Its nice arragement   "       I thought that your presentation inclusive of all attempts exists quite educational and creative to view, inasmuch as each attempt utilized both compilation and design improvement. Clearly an evolution process exists in your quest to achieve the highest final   (T Number). I give you a plus for abstract reasoning in the base design thru refining each step towards your final objective.  Color, plain of surface and directional placement for functional structural progression exists as a very creative element of your project.       In the sections addressing critical friend: I find over all you multiple experimentations concluded with the best possible use of each material relative to firmness, texture, structural design. Nevertheless your project exists abstract {a good thing} in acquiring the most effective utilization of your available materials for this project; you underestimated your creativity in a most modest way, in my humble opinion.      I have already stated your unique and creative ing processes were impressive; I have acquired a valuable amount of design modification for me to use in the event I ever encounter an assignment like this in my future academic studies. Congratulations on a Super Project. 9.5"Thanks for your try. I must admit your work is nice. In fact, it seems like a mountain indeed. And I can see the strong structure, too. So, it is really good.Great that you thought a lot about aethstetic side of yur  and put very nice "cherry on the top"! To avoid problems with soft s and to build even nicer , wiold be useful to find more "bricks" for your skyscraper: like your friend's s or build it in  store? It is just a suggestion to improve the creative part of the task. "Positive: First, highlight the strengths of the submission - what was done well?  Give happy comments right away, and be considerate and constructiveUnique: Next, comment on interesting and unique aspects of the submission - what did you find interesting about it? Revision: Third, be a critical friend - what suggestions do you have for improvement or revision.  The purpose is not so much to grade as to interact and suggest.Education.  Close by reflecting on what you learned and how you were educated from the submission as a feedback provider.""I find the  absolutely amazing,I am sure this  has been created up on a sudden insight,The  attains a pyramidal shape which also brings the center of mass to middle sections and towards bottom layers adding stability.The  is taller.The unique feature of the  is that it is very stable with out connecting the s each other to their openings,at the same time my friend should have invested some time over the arrangement for perfection color blending,especially to remove the tilt towards a side.From this  I am learning there is magic in sudden insight and a combination of alternate ing and use of resources in a better way can increase our inbound potentials in creativity. "It's fine because he ordained at least one  of s.I like the way the last  stand on top, like a graceful ballet dancer being held by strong built men at the bottom. I like the fact that the more you look from bottom to top, the more graceful it becomes: strong and squared at the bottom and lighter and fragile at the top. But my  is still very small...maybe I should've used more flat s to add more height. It's hard to be satisfied only by the look and leave behind the height, probably because they go together.This submission is quite creative. What I liked most in your submission is how you made your  stable. And come on.. you can rate yourself .. never give up :) . What I learnt is resources wont be much an issue when you have a well framed idea.. You made your  with only 6 s.. wow.."Positive: The individual did not just start making a  right away. Rather he/she put some thought into giving it a steady basis, by using athletic s.Unique: The individual did not use all the available footwear, but only the relevant ones.Revision: The individual can be creative within a restricted period of time. Creativity is all about coming up with different periods withing the allotted period of time and resources.Education: It gave me an insight into the kinds of ideas others come up with, and how more creative I too can be.""Wow! Student Number 3's works are very good! In a week's assignment, she was able to create 4 s. Fantastic!One thing for improvement, which she already made mention, is the use of variety of colored s. I learned from one student that she even borrowed s from her neighbors just to come up with the design she wanted. Truly, there is no limit to our imagination.Student Number 3 will go a long way in terms of unleashing her creativity. Her work is an inspiration. Thank you!"A very artistic   - very impressive.  It is interesting how this student explains about tapping into the creative mind - everything flows when it happens.  My suggestion to the student is... actually, I don't have any... I can't  of any improvement needed for a creative piece.  I have learnt that the "Ah-ha" moment that I had while building the   was a creative moment. Hi, you have done a wonderful job. congratulation..........for ur tall  .I felt it is unique as you said it gave you the goal of stability .Kindly don't assess yourself for the time you had spent  for building it.have patience."I really like your colourful ! I also used my children's s, they are so bright and cheerful compared to mine. Your description of the process goes well with the picture and raise some good points about the building process. I would agree that the shape and size of some kinds of s and boots made it difficult to incorporate them into a . I wonder if you decided to discard any of them because of this or if you consciously decided to use all the s you had in the .It was also a good idea to go and look at other s to have something to compare your to when you had to grade it. That was a great use of the forum.I appreciated your honesty when grading your creativity. I  it bodes well that you can reflect on the process and  about where you had difficulty. By understanding where you have problem and why you pave the way to move forward. Making mistakes is how we come to understand what not to do.I am interested in your comment about whether height or beauty makes a better . My reading of the assignment was to make a beautiful  as tall as possible. I believe the height equation to find the value of the  was to spur people to go as tall as possible. There will be those who aim for height, those who aim for beauty and those who manage to get both! I  this also throws up another question: the tallest  is the tallest , you can measure and find out, but how would you decide on the most beautiful?Studying the picture of your  I wondered if you really need the flat s or boots that lie down in the . Did they add much to the stability of the ? If not - by removing them you would be able to improve the value of your  by having fewer s to divide the height by.Thank you for sharing your work and giving me this opportunity to provide feedback. I have a lot of empathy with you and your  - as a mother of two I know that finding time to build a  - without help - and then write about the process means that less time goes into the building than you would have liked. Your use of the forum to compare your  was a useful reminder that I could have done the same when grading mine...I hope you find the comments useful and the questions food for thought, I enjoyed writing them for you! It helped me to bring your words and your pictures together to see a more complete picture of your process, ing and result."I have learnt from the failure and tried different kinds of way to make the s  more stable which is what we want to learn from CIC--Creativity, Innovation, and Change.It is worth learning.Its good to know that you learned the importance of failure from this project. I found our  very interesting because you have used many colours in it.yours  is extremely pretty but it could have been of more length if you have pu some s in vertical position. Its good to know that you are very hard working and tried many times to get the results.well done "I'm impressed that  you were able to make a  with only 2 pair of s.It was interesting that your friends didn't want to let you use their s.Five revisions was it so bad. It was good you didn't give up at the first try.I learned that it was a  no matter how simple it was."The s  can be more beautiful.What's more,your had a wanderful picture.From your answer I can say you are very creative person be more creative and creative. You have thought about the  shops so your art can be used in promotion that is unique. As critical way you have to show your idea to everybody. I learn that idea sharing is can also be possible in description . You build a tall and strong ,all s seem ok but the tallest one,I don't  its colour is suited."this  has been well ed,  what i find interesting appar of the amout of s and tall, is that  my first impresin was of someone standig and that effect is because the 4 s on tha base ,  I consider that probably it has been done more from the point of view  of engineering to obtain something very well constructed, but on the othr hand it has creative details.What I learnd about this work is the fact that has been  thought  taking many considerations that probably I haven't done , ""You did a nice job with that . I  aspecially that you figured out how different s have different effects on the overall stability and height was important. I like that you molted all this diffent  shapes into your  . The rating of the beauty of your  you gave yourself is very accurate; 'would have rated it around 5 too. I can't tell what made you put yourself on the '4' of the creativity scale, but i would second that opinion. It sounded like you did not try very many different ways 'building' your , although you still got important insights. As i had not to build a  of such many different 's (shape and size), i had not seens that it can not only be a chance but also make tha task harder. "Great,using rubberized boots is a very good idea.And the s  is very tall.And the base of the  is ingenious."(Sorry I can't speak English very well :)Your  is very beautiful and creative! It's the first time I see someone use flippers in the design. I  you can put slippers on the . Slippers are light and stable.From your s , I learned I can use some special s like the flippers.I  you are round 8.""1. VERY POSITIVE ATTEMPT BY THIS STUDENT. she seems to be a busy working lady...yet shes made it in just two attempts. Great effort . 2. Uniqueness in this  is shes just created in the surroundings where she stays /lives. it shows in the background the real messy picture of a house and a positively attempted   . Interesting thing is ----  is surrounded and supported by large size blue , pink long footwear. 3. Revision - it could have been little nit and clean . and could have been little more taller. it lacks asthetic aspect also.4. Education - its a challenging task to be a EVALUATOR of someone else's work or project. to be critical yet not to sound harsh.. i feel i must be a positive encourager to the student /peer i am evaluating . it should not hurt his/her feelings. Even same things appliy to real life family/ professional relationship..... we need to evaluate each others work in positive and encouraging manner always.Thanks""         Your attitude to the job is serious and I felt your sincerity. I quite agree with you to idear. I  you can place Transco  or Williams picture of the  beside the Leaning  of s image contrast figure, it looks will be more intuitive. In addition to this, I  make some changes on the  in the original model is another innovation the way. What do you ?PSMy English is not good, if there is problem on the express, please forgive me, thank you."the way you tried and your performance  are appreciated . you did not give up and continue it to make the balance even you were not interested in it.it is colorful and i like tge colors. you have done your best to make it as high as you can but is the height enough ? you could have paid more attention to diciplineof your structure. the most important thing i have learned is it might seems easy at first but when you begin you face to the problems which you should deal with. And you achieve success if you dont give up. Good for you. I  the best part of all the process is that what you have learned about yourself. This do not means that you need to change some things, but knowing yourself is an important part of growth. I like what you have done, I like better what you have learned. Maybe some doses of patience, of collaborative work, of taking criticism lightly, might help you. Maybe consider that failed projects are an opportunity to recreate, to recycle ideas. Hope my words help. I  that the main idea was intended to build a high  vertically. In another hand, the purpose of the course is innovation and creativity, so i  that it's acceptable because you amazed at least my expectations.The output showed balance, stability, and symmetry as to colours, spatial organization and  sizes. Its unique and interesting because there was a genuine attempt to make it as tall as possible without destroying symmetry and over-all balance. A more spacious space would maximize the number of s that could have been utilized. I learned that in improving our jobs or tasks assigned to us. We must look for the over-all concepts of space in creating a job that can produce more impact in life. The   made by you is completely wrong as it was strictly mentioned in the passage that the  has to be vertical not horizontal i.e straight against the ground.It was interesting to see so many s lined up one after the another.i liked the fact you used so many s and the where colurfull but as you said the photo is not proper. and you did not rate your self on creativity from 1-10 instead you gave yourself c+ which can not be interpreted by everyone or i by me. i learned that you can be creative or have a vision in every thing you can get your eyes on or my be  ofI should have used a more stable surface. The bed was a little too wobbly."Wow!!!   Congratulations, I really like your .  It looks simple, artistic and tall with a small quantity of s.I find interesting how much effort and enthusiasm you put into discovering which was the best option to build your .I  your  looks very nice, even the effect you gave to the picture makes it look more interesting.  Did you consider this elements when you graded yourself?I really admire how you completely focus on achieving the best result and approach to complete this assignment.  "Very impressive! A T value of 11.4 is really good, I never thought a  like that with one  stacked over another could be so stable, it was because I was wound up in conventional ing considering only ordinary s. You did a great job by perfectly combining s, boots and women's s.I  the collaboration between you and your son is really good.Because you can get more ideas in the interaction.And in my opinion,the process of solve a problem with others is so interesting.But your s  is not so beautiful.At the same time,you needn't use so much s to get this height.I mean you can  to change the way of how to put the s,not just stack up them simply.Anyway,you tell me that collaboration can make us do better."1. The highlight of your structure was colorful.2. The interesting part is that....the way your   was build is a strong structure all the way......if you would have 10-12 more s.......your  would have gain height.3. I would suggest you that always be organised......your  was not organised properly.4. I learnt from you is to put colors to be more creative.""P: The student did an excellent job of explaining in detail their design process.U: Mission accomplished. The student is visually impaired and still completed the task.R: The  is monotone in color. A variety of colors would have been appreciated.E: Where there is a will, there is a way.""I like the  . It is creatively done. And I also love your confidence that you rated yourself 8/10 on beauty. My personal learning from evaluating your exercise was I learnt new style of building a   and having confidence in myself. The  I created was taller but I thought it was not beautiful and also not very creative. Though I had used much more s. I appreciate your work and approach. Well done!"Doesn't seem very thorough. Some grammatical errors (minor). Links to pictures would not openThis submission is very truthful. I did not care about the rating. I only wanted to express my energy to  how to make something new. However, I  I should try to get more s to make more interesting .I quite liked reading your description of how you made your  work and the processes in trying to build and make each level stable.  It was also interesting to see that you decided just to go for something that worked.  The height of your  was good but obviously the number of s used reduced your T value, it would have been interesting to see how high you could get it with less s.  I  8.5 for its beauty is fair and I like your comment about your view of its beauty being affected by whose s they were, as I used only my own s for my  I hadn't considered that using other peoples (had that been an option) could have made mine look more beautiful.  As for creativity I would have said it was an 8 because I  the colours and patterns on some of the s stood out and also because I  that although you had a few attempts at it it didn't take that long overall and each attempt had some aspect of it which was useful or which you could learn from.  "To me, the description of the process that the creator went through is done well. It can count as a strength of this Project.The Picture of the   could be better.Rather than these, it is a well-done (8/10) and a clear job! Congratulations!""1. The highlights of the model was creativity and imagination.2. Something unique was your focus towards nature and beauty.3. Technically it is difficult to arrange so much s.4. Most importantly what i have learnt is nature itself is so creative."I thought it was very thorough and honest. There was a small layer of humour and personality in there but wonder whether it was too rigid in its factual basis. Push the boundaries more.The candidate is forthright in his approach.I will simply say "job well done".I give 8.Beautiful use of language. different variety of s used. I get the idea that in this way I can manage my s well as I have the same issues some of my s old, not in shape but through this exercise I can manage them well.I would have liked to have seen a photograph! On the other hand, the poem is unique and clever, and maybe would not have been submitted if the student were able to take and upload a photo. I have learned that you can gain something different from an effort than what you or other people expected.i like my idea of working with what i had at disposal and then coming with an idea. i learnt you can have a creative vision doing anything its just the matter of you ing on it"I really like the  3! It is stable and represents somehow the span of human life. I enjoyed both strategies and  there were both succesful. For a revision of  3 I would stop with a display of a  from the top to increase the beauty. I learned how to build a more stable  following your first approach. I only come up with the second strategy with the higher T value but somewhat limited stability. Thank you.""I guess it must be a girl's achievement  ^_^. Admittedly, the  is relatively stable and owns a potential to be much taller. However, I  that this design seems to a little simple. She may try to erect as many s as possible to increase the T value, though girl's causal s seems not suitable for building tallest  .Finally, I  what I leaned is to avoid using girl's s because they are really hard to handle."Your description is very detailed, but the height is not very well.   8innovative creative   good imagination  unique sturdy beautiful fantastic simple worthyThe   looks perfect, but could have made it much attractive with more colourful s or a good background."Considering the height achieved with the number of s i  the student did very well.that the student decided to add the flipflop to add some colour.  that to me is very cool"Well done on creating a  with such height and stability. As you pointed out, the  is a simple design, but many high rise buildings in the world are simple shapes that fulfill a needed purpose very well. Thanks for sharing your 90 degree  rotation technique.I like how I started with the base and used the individual features of each  to increase the stability/height of my . I also like how my  is balanced - not just literally, but in terms of tallness, efficiency, and beauty.The  you have done looked nice and simple, I though it was done well and I found it interesting that you have gatherered all the s and then started piling them up. I believe that given the number of s you did great . I have learned that you and your cousin have to be male from the size/type of the s involved :-) !My first impressions were "sturdy" and well structured- nothing teetering. I like the spots of color. It reminds me of some of the buildings where I live (Florida, US)- the tall condos on the beach. Maybe you could have added some dimension to it by having the pink  in the background sticking out like a balcony? I did several trials and attemps in order to reach the final option. I  that combine knowledge from other line of ing is part of creativity. The structure is well balanced and it looks nice in terms of geometry. I would work a little bit more on the color combination and types of s in order to increase its aesthetics. I learned that by criticizing yourself and others you can see your flaws and learn from them.Compared with two assignment I have evaluated, I  my  has a unique structure, that is asymmetry. But it did not looks so beautiful. The most disadvantage is that I put too much emphasis on the T value. Therefore my  lack the potential for further construction. "First, you have to admit that the  is very beautiful s, but you spend a lot of effort and careful to do all these things, really appreciate your behavior. Meanwhile your s  full of creativity and design, you try to choose different s, different ways you  the final choice of the best results. But for decorative   I  some of the excess, we should design its own combination of colors and shapes from  subtly, rather than rely on external tools to create art, I hope my suggestions can help to youthank you"Looks like you've put a lot of effort in making this  . The idea of building it like jenga is very good. I don't know how to evaluate you. Some more detail about the   or an image of it would be great. Also I'm not sure about it's height cause 6.5cm is too small, may be a little bigger than my finger. But I trust in you and I know it was a great . :)"The top most  was beautifully placed and hanging with too little contact area with the  underneath it. It must have been placed with utmost care. The colors are varied and are visually appealing. I've seen something in common with my own ing and the two other colleagues in that all three of us identified the need to have a strong and steady foundation to build the  on."It is colorful, but in doing this I don't have much thought, and I even didn't calculate the T value. Next time I do this, I will have more thoughts to build my own.I like the symbolism of your , it's very unique. I like how you formed your  in an upward spiral, but I  it would look nicer if the s were more aligned on the outside. You said you would have liked to have more s. Maybe you should have tried to stack the s a little tighter, then they would have been taller and more  efficient."first, sorry my grammar...second i will try to write the best possible, Hi, I like your spirit and your design actually looks like an old photograph, very good, in terms of how creative this is the part that attracts me to your design, but perhaps lack a bit further you transmit your essence, and that it would only, perhaps, to show attempts that led you to your  would give me an idea of how you were focusing your work, there is perhaps the essence, because it started as I understand it without a plan and that led you to visualize what you want, the latter leaves me ing how important it is to know where to go and how I want to take that path. Thank you.your score 10"This Very GoodBecause my English is so poor..so.. never judgesI racked my brain for something unusual whilst building my  and I felt unhappy that I couldn't come up with something. When rating my collegues I hoped to find there something special, but not really. Insofar I am now not too unhappy with my own product.Firstly ,I'd like to say  your   is taller than me and  you try more times  .Your attempts are very detailed. Secondly,I am sorry I have some difficult understanding  your describe of   .I  you've done really well in deciding to follow a scientific baseline to build your . It managed to make your  seem very stable, however I do  you could have possibly tried other ways of building your  to see if you could have made the  higher with the same number or fewer s. Good job on keeping the look of the  interesting and finishing off with the black boots and vertical s, nice change to the look of the rest of the ."Using the PURE approach to feedback: Here is my feedback on your   Exercise.Positive: First, I would like to highlight the strengths of your submission. The photo of your   was beautiful. I enjoyed that you share that the assignment reminded you of where your s and you had travelled. I also appreciated that you share your feeling about the number of s you owned. Overall I enjoyed that you were so thoughtful and honest in your building and reflection. Unique: What I found interesting about your submission was the theme of the s you owned. You have 2 pairs of very similar sandals, they both look like a beige linen? I had noticed that my s were all very similar as well. Yet here we are in a course about creativity. I found it unique that you were able to create a life from the s  ""glowing and reaching up to the sky, perhaps ready to begin a journey""Revision: I find it difficult to make a suggestion for improvement. The only thing I can come up with is that maybe you could have taken photos of the  s that existed before this final , and then reflected on if this one really was the ""best"". Education.  I would like to close by reflecting on what I learned and how I was educated from the submission as a feedback provider. I learned s, and a   Exercise can be more than just s, they can bring back memories of where the  had walked with a person. I also learned that it doesn't take a lot of words to share a great story.Good luck in the rest of the course, and best wishes for continued success.Jennifer "I'm sorry for your encounter. But I believe you can get through it, because you are now learning in the course and trying to get through past! I wish you can get a better life in the future! Your  looks confuse, but much more high than mine. Well, it do looks not beautiful, but it is high, that's another kind of creativity!you have done great job in very short time but it would have been better to  more over the design its nice and colourful.nice inspiration"1.happy at my own creation2.even with s you can build a 3.could have dedicated more time to build it.4.I felt like a student and a teacher"Picture is very clear,concise answer this question.Beginning ability is very strong,but do not show too much creative ing. I  this job is also interesting, I hope you find it interestingso high of s I find it interesting and surprising"Hi, this is an interesting submission because a number of reasons. First, it is a  with a high metric 9.9 (It is possible that the metric could have been even higher if the two front s are not considered). Second, It uses very challenging models of s that look very good in the street, but are difficult to handle for a . Third, it seems that whilst doing the , the author had to perform an equilibrium act :-)This submission is also interesting because it is not quite clear why the author received an 8 from his family members gave herself a 7. the word interesting is used in this case because we need more context, or information, about these grades, what was measured?, what are the factors affecting the grade?. If you ask me, the  deserves a 10, because its high metric, the use of several types of s and because it followed the rules for the exercise. The same grade can be assigned to the creativity effort. The point here is that it is important to know what are we measuring and how to measure it.Perhaps my only criticism to this submission is the lack of an in-depth description of the process followed by the author during the exercise. In this case, the author states that the task was hard at the beginning, but interesting after the first prototype, what happened then? how did he/she managed the initial frustration when the  felt down? What did he/she learn after every prototype? Why did he/she need over 5 prototypes? It was important to understand the process followed by the author, and we do not have all the information here.Anyway, in general it was a good , congratulations. Hope we can know more about the mental process and the decisions that the author had to make.Finally, in addition to knowing the process, it is important to know what are we measuring and how in order to give a mark.Cheers.""This submission is fun and interesting, giving the additional feedback we get from the author. To start, the picture of the  shows the act of equilibrium that the author had to manage in order to create his . Then we move to the in-depth description of the process followed to create the . Here the author confess that it saw this as an easy challenge, just form a pile of s, but then he recognized the limitations that he faced (number of available s, the s balance) and how this lead to a new approaches or prototypes. The author recognized after a few attempts that physics (hard vs soft s and horizontal vs vertical forces) would dictate how the  evolved. In general the picture and the discussion made by the author shows the invested effort and although the  measured 76 cms using 18 s, we did not see the metric, which is 4.22. Of course it is difficult to see if such metric is or not is a good value, because we need to be able to compare to other measures, but this is not the authors fault, it is because we need more information to compare his .The marks given for beauty and creativity are difficult to understand, why does the author rates his effort with a 6 and not an 8 or 9? The point here is that in order to mark something we need to know what are we grading and how to do it. What were the elements considered then?That the author s that there is always space for improvement is a good thing, in fact, prototypes, which the author used, are based on this idea, and he recognizes that making comparisons are also important. Concluding, we can say that this is a good , that in order to give, or obtain, a grade it is important to know what are grading and how and that constraints are always important to know. Good work."I like practical way you approached this exercise, and you ended up with an impressive T-value. Highest I have seen! Surprisingly, you put some quite big s on top, so the  must be quite stable if you can add a lot of weight on top. Maybe there was stability enough to add more s.."This is definitely the most beautiful  I have reviewed (and I looked at more than 2)! I like the way you built it as well as how you matched the colors of the s. Excellent!Maybe it would have been possible to stick some s together and add them on top, but I am not sure, or maybe some flat s could have been removed or added on top? Not sure, but your  is definitely a clear 10 on beauty.""Grade 6.The   was well built. However, your answers were too generic and did not explain the creative ing process you followed to accomplished the task. Also you mentioned your assessment of 9 from friends, but did not mention how many friends nor how they were approached to answer. I suggest you further elaborate your assignments providing more information on your ing process.""I like that you used so many kind of s, like the really thin ones that probably did not contribute much to height. This makes the  more interesting and more unique. So I find your daughters advice very good. You might have tried different s or building approaches, and reached a higher T, but you did not have the time. For this, you really got a beautiful , I agree with the 9 for beauty.""Grade 8.Your self-critic is very explanatory and you detailed well your creative ing process. I believe you did better than average even though your rated yourself only 6/10. You are strong analytically and that's positive, although it leads you to a too long (time consuming) execution of the task. Now it's time to find your balance between creativity, process analysis and efficiency on task solving.  ""Making this tall  that high is impressive, the structure used is really good. And the T-value achieved is impressive!Beauty was not really considered, there is room for improvement there.""The  has a solid base and a clear structure how it was built. The ""pyramid strategy"" for the base is nice, and looks good. And the s on top add quite a bit of height, adding much to the ""T"", and also makes the  more special. I also liked the step by step improvement you described.Maybe selecting different s (bigger ones) might have helped, if you have those, or a different structure of s, though I am not sure.You wrote you ""hated"" many s you build, I find that hard to believe. I prefer to  in terms of ""I can do better than that"". Result is the same (try again), but it feels better. "I can see your "hard work" .It seems very tall i  .But the picture you submitted is not so clear and I can hardly  figure out the foundation of the   (Apology for my terrible English)Firstly I  my  is really tall. By comparison with my peers ,i  I did a good job. (and i didn't use the boot).Those I evaluated I luckiness take a great part of their steady state.But  I use the triangle as the foundation to make the  steady. I cannot deny that your  is really tall.And I  boot is kind of BUG in this work.But make those s balanced is not so easy.In sum is a really good work (Apology for my terrible English)"P: Congrats on performing the task. I liked the way you arranged the s, it is a symmetric and stable way.U: looks very stable I like the structure with the s arranged perpendicular to each other when needed. R: For next time, in oder to make the  look more beautiful, I would suggest you hide the  lashes to make it look tidier. E: I learned I am not alone in this tasks and everybody have the same doubts, similar things happen to people when trying to create something. I also like to have the opportunity to see how other classmates  and deal with the creative process. Thank you. "I comparison with others student I  that I could have experimented with a couple more designs before settle in one, although that I'm satisfied with the final result that I achieved. I  that I could had give more details in my desicion to put my chosen numbers for creativity and beatiful scales."PURE P: I  the first objective has been met and has made several attempts towards a target showing a positive and committed attitude to the task. U: I find it interesting how the task resolved keeping in balance the . also consider it an aesthetic and cute item. R: As suggestion would consider the possibility of trying to increase the size of the  using more s. E: I liked the opportunity to engage the creative process of my fellow students do not even know personally. I find it interesting the opportunity to share constructive feedback."You  have a lot of imagination! I  you were really creative with both s! and I like the shape of the first one, it really looks different than the rest of the  s I saw. In the first one, I believe you helped your  by leaning it towards the wall. But it looks good! the second one has a great equilibrium. It reminds me the stone chinese art...have you seen it?  I  I'd be nice if you used some more color, but you are doing good :) Thanks for letting me see your work! It is so nice to share this learning opportunity together"PURE P: I  the first objective has been met and a very good way. Having been little attempt to do so I can come to  that there has been a good thought process and prior to the accomplishment of the task which allowed imarginarlo properly before bringing out imagination. U: I find it interesting how the task resolved keeping in balance the . also consider it an aesthetic and cute item. It has achieved a very good combination of height in the s which I  something positively valued. R: no suggestions, I  he has managed to solve the task of a creative and original way. My compliments. E: I liked the opportunity to engage the creative process of my fellow students do not even know personally. I find it interesting the opportunity to share constructive feedback.""Good for me! I did it! I am very happy with this exercise and with everything that makes me feel like a child! I am a very rational person and I did not believe in creative proccesses or creative quests before. But I am beginning to change that attitude and facts are showing me I was wrong about creativity, innovation and change. In doing this exercise I realized I could be creative, and innovative. It is called the  exercise but instead of  assuming that a  is a ,  I took the concept in its broader meaning and I used boots.I also put a picture made by my daughter beacause I Thought the  would look more beautiful with it. And I  I succeded!Thanks for the experience!"I like this   very much indeed! The student explains how he built it, step by step, clearly and giving all the information possible on how he got to this result. The fact that it is not too colorful is also due to a reason, well described by the student. I also like the fact that the  is leaning a bit and that the student jokingly compared it to the  of Pisa!I like the construction of this , although traditional is solid, with good combination of colors, the lightest s can only go up and are the most colorful. I like the background color of the wall. Very neat."I  that the objective of building an original  was met. Although not many colors were used, as you mentioned, I  that the election of the white s and the patent leather ones, gave the structure a very original and esthethical appearence. I really like your ! What I find very original is shape and the stability in the asymetry you were able to produce. I would rate you much higher in originality and creativity than you did yourself, which suggest me that maybe you were subestimating your originality and work. With this feedback exercised the positive feedback. It very useful to find the positive and unique aspects of somebodys work. I enjoyed doing it. "P: Good job!!! goal accomplished! I liked that you persisted to do it 9 times! congrats! I also like that you used the holes in the s from the base to put s that make the  tall and stable. Looks pretty symmetric as well.  U: I  your  is special because its architecture uses the holes of other s and makes it taller without using that many s.  R: To make the  more beautiful, I would suggest you to hide the show lashes inside the s to give the work a distinctive feature. I would also take the picture in such a way that I can see the entire . E: I learned to watch and appreciate other persons and also my own work. Having done the assignment myself and being able to see some other students work,  made me observe some details that I wouldt have if I havent done it myself, for instance, this student tried 9 times!!! I kinda feel I should have tried harder next time!!!"Your submission is clear and concise.Your   looks very stable and tall!  Maybe you can try to use white s or color s to add color or contrast to the .As a feedback provider it was interesting to see how different pleaople rate their s, by asking their friends (this case), or by comparing with other  s posted in the forum. ""PURE P: I  the first objective has been met and a very good way. the  is solid and balanced. I found it the original way to combine the tall s to achieve the goal. U: I find it interesting how the task resolved keeping in balance the . also consider it an aesthetic and cute item. It has achieved a very good combination of height in s. R: the only suggestion would be try to get a  using more quantity of s. anyway I  it has achieved a very good  using few but combining the tallest-E: I liked the opportunity to engage the creative process of my fellow students do not even know personally. I find it interesting the opportunity to share constructive feedback."I  the description of the process to build the   is very well written. I can imagine the steps and attempts that this student had made. I like the final result achieved, because it gets a good T score with a few s. I'd suggest as a point to improve, to give a more detailed explanation of how the beatiful and creative score were decided, just to know a little better the reasons choosen for those particular numbers.Beautiful! Few s, space between them, balance. Very good idea!!background seems very interesting, is a construction which means the builder and looking can find some element that identifies too."As you had said your  is beautiful! Congrats! Very neat and organized!What is bothering me is that you consider yourself a 10 in this exercise. For me, there is no ten in creativity because you can always improve and make your work more beautiful or better.What is clear is that your are very satisfied with your work and that pride is a 10! Good for you!Thanks for letting me be a part of your experience!"Hey! Nice ! and also, I really like the s at the top! ;-) As we have learnt in week 2, I  you have been creative, so please dont say you were not! Maybe your creativity is not about taking risk but about getting the better outcome in the safe place. I hope to get to know more of your work! Greetings!"Wow! That's a lot of s! I like the way it looks! It is indeed colorful and girlie :) I  it would be a good idea if you try with different positions when stacking  the s (I've seen some tall structures using flip flops on the top, for instance) but it's just an idea! I like this idea of peer evaluation, because is another way to learn :-) "I consider this to be a solid structure, the color of s captures the attention. It can probably go higher. I have learned to create a solid foundation, and observe another way to get a result. Wow I like it! Is one of the most beautiful s I've evaluated. I like that you used different sized s to make it taller :-)  I really don't know what to suggest you! You're doing good :-) "P: Excellent job!! very smart way to put the s to make a beautiful and very tall . Great index!. I also  your  is very beautiful. Loved it!!!U: The design wit the slippers in a vertical way makes the  tall and stable. Very clever. It also looks symmetric and beautiful. R: I have not much to add, Ive seen two others students work and my own and I  you were far ahead of us. You came out of a simple and logic structure to something tall, beautiful and stable. E: I like how hard this student tried, and accomplished a great job. Next time will make me try harder. Thank you. R: ""Well, the simplest solution is normally the best one! I thaught myself a similar solution (but with boots) and I had a good t number too. I like the way you thought about this. Either way, remember that the task was to ake the tallest  possible, and the T score was not taking in consideration for your mark. (don't worry though, yours is one of the best ones I've seen so far!) I  that your approach was good, and for the way you built it I believe that if you have aimed to get a tallest  regardless the amount of s used, you'd overachieve it :-) Best regards!""P: I like my , looks beautiful and symmetric. It is also very stable and I also liked the way I arranged the s to make it taller and more beautiful.U: the structure is done in such a way that makes it tall and stable. R: to make it more beautiful, next time I would hide the  lashes.E: Loved to compare my creative process with other students. Thank you!""I  that the  is solid and looks good. I would prefer something more creative, something out of the conventions. I like the ball on top. The grade, for me, is 5."The Height and the number of attempts, the uniqueness of the  are its colors and solid structure. Probably get the result with less s comparing my  to others that achieved height with less s. I have learned to appreciate my own work even when I compare to others, to appreciate diveristy, to look at the infinite solutions an exercise can have, to be grateful at the opportunity of learning with people who like me  want to be observants of themselves in order to be a better more creative participant of the world!!! Love the thought process  to constructing the . Solid structure with variety of components. I have learned how to explain and create a thorough thought process that goes to an end result. Thank youAs I said I would prefer something more creative. Something out of the conventions. This  is very tall, very low T formula (too much s). Its creativity is on the material and the probability to paint and carved. I did not see other  like this."PUREP: I  the in the first place the objective has been met and a very good way. combining many pairs of s has made a beautiful product and reaching the goal.U: I find it interesting how the task resolved keeping in balance the . also consider it an aesthetic and cute item. It has achieved a very good combination of height in the s which I  something positively valued.R: no suggestions, I  he has managed to solve the task of a creative and original way. My compliments.E: I liked the opportunity to engage the creative process of my fellow students do not even know personally. I find it interesting the opportunity to share constructive feedback."This   looks pretty but also, I noticed that it is not standing alone. The student has clearly used the bars behind it as a means of support. I  that this was not the idea of the exercise. Where is the challenge if you use something else to support your ? I found positive that the student looked for help and advice, working with someone else but I would suggest him/her to work on this  again but without any kind of support for it this time so as to see how tall it can really be and with how many s implied.The amount of s for the height is very good,The colors used are an immediate punctum, it works!!  It seems as a very solid, clean line structure. Probably as you mentioned to consider the weight in order to escalate. I have learned how to be more effective with a minimalistic point of view, structure and color. Grade 8The strength it has a solid foundation. I found most interesting the format of the  and the students reflection process! As it is a solid structure I  it could still go with more height. I have learned to appreciate the unique style of others, to broaden my  way  of creating, how other people view creativity, and to be grateful of the path of being and meeting people who want to change and contribute to the world. Grade 7Very good work indeed from my point of view! Nice  , clear explanations (step by step) and a high T value. I liked the fact that this student set his/her own time limit to work on the , no more than one hour. Also, the student seemed to learn a lot from his/her mistakes in the process, getting ready with more information and elements for the next attempt to finally have it done. I like the final result acchieved and that it can be seen the overall objective of get an stable  first and then decorate it. Great work explaining how you come with the value for the creativity score, but I'd like to see a similar explanation for the beatiful score (although asking your wife can be a good method algo ;).Nice way of doing it! Although it has just a few s I liked it! I  it is pretty original the way you made the . Maybe next time you can try to get more s and give it some more tries in order to get something even better. Good luck!I really like the way it looks! I made a pretty decent  with just nine s :-)  Although it was easier to do it with boots, maybe it would have been nice to try another ways of making it like the ones I saw with flip flops from another students"PURE P: I  the first objective has been met and a very good way. the  is solid and balanced. U: I find it interesting how the task resolved keeping in balance the . also consider it an aesthetic and cute item. It has achieved a very good combination of height in the s which I  something positively valued. I find it interesting how the thought process and how to combine the soles of the s to achieve firm and  height R: no suggestions, I  he has managed to solve the task of a creative and original way.E: I liked the opportunity to engage the creative process of my fellow students do not even know personally. I find it interesting the opportunity to share constructive feedback"Not having s for the construction of a  is a problem and at the same time a great challenge. My opinion is that they did not  too much on how to use the few s I had."First of all, let me say that you seem to know yourself very well. And that is always a good thing.You had a picture in your mind of what your   should look like and you tried to make it happened.What I am concerned about is that, apparently,  you knew you should spend more time or s in the  and you did not take the time nor the  energy to do it. May be that was a correct decision in order to your priorities, but maybe it was not. Only you know that.!I am really thankfull that you let me see and comment on your work. Your honesty and self knowledge is impressive.Thanks!"I  my   looks pretty and the T value was high enough. However, I  that I could still work on this to make it taller without using more s in the process. It is very interesting to work on a challenge like this because there are many things to learn here. Many questions come to my mind now: how could I improve this ? could I keep on trying different positions for the s? does the risk of having my  falling down motivate me or frustrate me? should I set a time limit for my attempts or not? I like to  that my  can still be improved and that I can apply the concepts I am learning in the course to make it better! Brainstorming in action!I like the simplicity of the . High value of T formula. I would like something out of the conventions. I  that the idea is not to be a constructor is to be a inventor. My grade is 5."I like the colors of the , I like to wear s that show the passage of time reinforced by the clock, but I  now that is not reflected spiral I wanted to show. After seeing other s I  mine is too compact, maybe the photo was not the best I had, I rescue the fact that it was taken from above and I could not see that the image did not have enough old cross. Anyway I'm accordant with my ."Big , so I  you work hard. Good job.I  it is a good   with black and white  composition. Well done! I grade you 5 points.The guy used not so much s to make about a meter  it is good, however I want to be frank and would like to say that I have not find any creative idea inside of this , it was well arranged s one above other.I gave you 4 points, because it is a boots  but not s.It was diverse. The theme was very extraordinary. I would recommend to try to build taller  , in that case the structure would be more clear for viewer. It was an discovery for me to see   done as an DNA.Not bed. It is not creative I , but well done.Here I found space compared with other works, there are not just dozen of s. Also it is somehow symmetric and looks like a huge building. Being a critical friend for me I would like to say that it can be  more interesting and creative .I bulid a   with red s and I  is very creative.Very creative way to build a . Well job. You are very creative person I liked this idea compared with others, the first part of  was interesting and beautifulWell done. it is a big big  of s. Great job. But the picture isn't as well as could be.I am so sorry to be so critical, however it is just my opinion connected with this work. I could not find any creative ideas. Also compared with the other work here it was used more s and the height of  was half shorter."The idea of JENGA is amazing, even if it is done with 2 s on each level. It is quite high, which talks about how strong is the construction.It is nice to be concerned about its functionality as well.If to judge by aesthetics , it could have been a bit better, first of all the background. And maybe to keep it mostly white would be good idea.It was nice to know about JEGA and how engineering background helps to be creative in unique way."I  this is a great  given the constraints - clearly not many s of solid structure on camp! Perhaps the softest  of all submissions? It would be interesting to know what you learned after each revision as perhaps you possibly could have increased the T-value. I learned how to apply the PURE constructive criticism technique - and I should have applied this during my creation as I  I would have continued further and persevered more.Your submission shows that you understood the core concepts discussed in the first week, such as use of failure to move forward in the learning process and that is very inspiring. I really appreciate your efforts and trying to build your   outside despite the wind factor. I  you are being harsh on yourself for the score on the creativity scale as your attempts and tenacity would certainly put you higher than 7. Just out of the curiosity, maybe you should have tried building the   in a closed environment too to see whether you would get different results. Anyway, you did a great job and hope you continue to incorporate course concepts into your daily life!"Lots of detail giving insight into the thought process - lots of internal dialogue happening!The submission was certanly wordy - others did not seems to care or feel free to share any of their learnings while going through the  build process.This submission showed some self-awareness achieved through doing the exercise.After doing the exercise and then having to give feedback on the submissions of others that were much different to my own, I had to evaluate based on a different paradigm. I had to move away from my thoughts & experiences on the exercise and how I completed it and to understand and appreciate the different approaches taken by others."I appreciate both s. If I was a tiny human attempting to climb them I'd probably prefer the first (lower) . I appreciated seeing your very specific criteria for 'interesting' - I wasn't so specific. I , to improve, you need to give yourself more time and more opportunities to fail - get into a playful mood. It might be fun to do it with your son, although of course this was supposed to be done alone. Mine are older but both were immediately taken aback when they heard what the exercise was. (They didn't help me though.) It was good to read another student's thoughts on the process and get some extra insight into how to provide detail about the exercise. Thanks."Positive: I like looking at photos of my family  . It makes me smile as it looks fun and happy, as do the kids. I have been proud enough to show my friends and colleagues my photo as well. Unique: The fluffy pink slipper has got to be one of a kind amongst the submissions. I am lucky to have such an extroverted daughter, whose s reflect her personality. She is delightful and kind as well.Revision: There is not much I would change. Maybe I would have explained the T value better to the kids. It would be interested to see how that would impact their creativity.Education: Buy more outrageous s! Be more brave! I was not excited about the activity at all, but then I really enjoyed it and learnt something about myself and my family.""On a positive note i felt I met the brief successfully, in a sneaky sort of way, but i still achieved a very, very tall  that is aesthetically pleasing and o felt it reflected ingenuity in how I resolved it.Unique - The repetition of the s and how i linked them together through Photoshop created a nice pattern and thought it would make a great way of presenting an online  sale. They even looked sturdy.Revision - Perhaps I feel a little lazy in the respect i attempted it once, not like everyone else,  where they attempted, created, had failures and kept trying. However, I did ponder on what i was going to do over a number of days before i decided on this approach. I was lucky to come to this design resolve after pondering and calculating in my head the ways it could be approached.Education - The fact that this exercise was a rather odd challenge was enough to challenge my mind and thought processes. i am a creative person, so i was not happy with the idea of just building a  similar to many i saw [although there were some great attempts by people which i admired]. I challenged myself to find something different, a different way of coming up with the same solution. The more I looked at posts of other students, the more it made me determined to find a another solution. I am very satisfied with my outcome. Also, i found by giving peer feedback i was able to stretch my ideas a little further by studying other students s. It would be interesting if the same exercise was given to children, i am sure they would leave us to shame. So many times i hear and have seen how creative children can be and how their ideas have been adapted into creative minds of adults."You have built an attractive and compact  that sits well, looks solid and appears to be very stable. I love that you started with a 'fundament'. What a lovely word. I also am amazed that it took you only one attempt. You don't seem to have a lot of faith in your own creativity, and yet you used a word like fundament for what is essentially a playful assignment and your 'base' did the job. I have learned, from this submission, the benefit of a good, solid foundation combined with a good vocabulary. I only wish you had written more. :)"I do still like the top of my   and find it the beautiful feature. I also find it the unique part of my submission. It is too short to be considered a brilliant .I now understand I need to work on the more practical side."I enjoyed the natural, earthy colours of your   combined with the nature of your comfortable, walking s. The fact that there were no high heels in there gave it a very adventurous aesthetic. Your  has beautiful symmetry and balance and I enjoyed the title of your submission. I found it interesting that there were so many s on the floor. Although they decorated the base of the , they didn't contribute to the  height. It would be interesting to see if you could have built a higher  by using these s as a platform to build your . Could the black boots have been placed on the very top instead of the bottom? I learned from your submission that there is a fine balance between form and function. I  you did a really great job. I liked how all the s were black. It gave your  a sleek look. It's also kind of cool that your  has two peaks! very unique! My only criticism would be that the  isn't exactly free standing (well my definition of free-standing anyway) as the  leans (or appears to) against the wall. I liked your  very much. You taught me to  about my materials before I get started on a project!"What a fantastic experience!  I am so glad I chose to evaluate a third person as you have put so much effort into this assignment.  Your insights are awesome, including the inclusion of children in the process.  How great to increase the fun factor (I was on my own and got frustrated quickly... but this is about you... sorry!).  Well done.  Such a great report in pdf and interesting retelling of the experience.  You are unique in achieving 8.8 (88/10) not 4.4 and in such fine fashion.  You tried different strategies and documented them so well.  Not sure how to give suggestions for improvement... but I  6 for your own creativity is too small a figure, I'd go with 8.I have been inspired by your effort and appreciate the excellent report, which I hope to recall in my own submissions in future.  Very well done!""The  looks very well structured and secure. It doesn't seem that will fall when the wind blows. You seem to like structures (but, hey that's only what I  when I see it). You also seem to have good sense of humor, which I  is always good :)You seem to like challenges as you thought that your first  was simple and then went on and built a new one. I also  that you are very hard on yourself as you rated 5, if it were up to me, I would probably give you a higher score. This exercise has shown me how we all can be so similar and so different at the same time. ""Positive: It's fantastic that you live in Japan.Unique: It's unique that there is no  to speak of.Revision: Third, be a critical friend - Even a  of three pairs of s would have been nice to see.Education: I learned that you live in Japan and you buy your s in California.""This is a good and beautiful s . Great job. You described clearly how you built your towner and your ideas.This is really a -like s towner. You have a very stable structure which impressed me a lot.However, you only have a 5.7 T value which is not as good as my predicted. But it determines on which goals you were more focused on: the height or T value. I am more focus on the T value, so I  you still need to improve on that part.After seeing your work, I  I probably paid more attention on the T value rather than the height of the towner when I was doing my work.""Great !  Such is its creative appeal that I immediately want to analyse it as if a work of art! At first glance this  looks  carefully thought out (which was confirmed in your reflection notes). In an artistic sense I love the calm and secure feeling you have created by using limited colour palette of cool blues, earthy creams and solid black (right down to the simple creamy background). The use of mostly horizontal and ordered lines through the body of the  reinforces the sense of stability, and the sideways boot and the heels on top add a pleasing touch of whimsy and surprise! I particularly commend your confidence and positive approach to your work, both of which are clearly reflected in your written submission. It is great to hear that you persevered to get the best possible result and that your final  was based on the lessons you had learned in earlier versions.    I like the mix of s you have used - solid walking boots for stability - elegant high heels to add height and elegance! I also like your lateral ing, in poking the toe of one boot into the neck of another, then creating another building platform with stable flat s - points for ing this through! The fact that you conquered the delicate balance problem shows that this is a carefully and patiently assembled , and that you were committed to creating a great result. I like that YOU like your work, and graded yourself accordingly.My only suggestion for revision would be to try to take out a pair of the flattest s in the middle of the stack.   I  you could probably retain the stability of the  while improving your T score a little.  However, perhaps these soft, flat s are integral to the delicate balance of the ? In terms of your submission as a whole, I simply encourage you to continue to have confidence in your work - listen to yourself (grade 9/10 for beauty,  rather than your audience score 6/10!)Looking at your  in detail, and teasing out my response by writing this submission, has made me consider this project in more artistic (rather than purely structural) terms.  This  is similar in approach to construction to my own, and having looked carefully at this one, I  I see my own efforts a little differently. The need to look at and talk about the project in a methodical, constructive way has taught me to look not only at the , but to consider the process and ing that created it.  I see that, in this exercise, the old adage of valuing the process as much as the product can be applied.My overall grade 8/10 (I can't work out how to make this appear on the front page! Sorry!)"I enjoyed the exercise and wish I'd had a bit more time to really get into it. I really should have read the question properly, the bit about T not being important in the grade! Then I would have had more fun with it. In any case, I  it was a colourful, playful . After evaluating 2 other students who were evidently male, with at least more spatial and engineering approaches, I  I actually had more fun than they did. Colour and shape variation helps. (One of the students actually seemed rather sad.) But I  they had finer-tuned reasoning in their responses. This will help me focus better in my next exercise."This is an impressively tall and solid !  Your effort also demonstrates your great skill in gathering resources - such an enormous collection of sneakers!!!  I particularly like the arrangement of s at the base of your .  Spacing them out as you have creates a negative visual space between each - almost like an open flower.  This relieves and softens the otherwise fairly heavy, solid appearance of  your . Your use of the pink sneakers at the base also softens and beautifies your .  The use of an occasional white sneaker in an otherwise dark  adds a flash of light and liveliness, and the layers of blue sneakers also add interest. Nice touches!  I also enjoyed your inclusion of discarded socks, bicycle pump and water bottle in the background of your photo.  These suggest movement and activity - a nice contrast to the solid, still ! (I know this doesn't count in the score, but I can't resist commenting!!) Your written response reflected the direct and no-nonsense approach of your finished !I find it interesting that this  exudes such a strong, almost masculine, air.  This is definitely a no-nonsense approach to the exercise.  There seems no risk of wobbling or instability, even though the end result is very high.  This reminds me of a tall pylon for a heavy bridge - secure and reliable.  I  you would score very well if there was a category for stability!  It is clear that you spent a long time perfecting your , with many revisions.  It is good to see your perseverance was rewarded with such a tall !Overall a great . Perhaps my only suggestion for the  would be to tie up the laces in order to create an even stronger sense of a tidy, solid .  Also, I would like to see the top (vertical) sandal replaced with another sneaker, as the sandal is hard to see against the background and (for me) disturbs the consistency and predictability otherwise apparent in the .  However, I can also see that many might enjoy the point of difference at the top! I would have enjoyed hearing more about your ideas for the , more about how you decided on its beauty score, and how all that made you feel about your own creativity.  It is always interesting to hear the story which informed the creation!Again, I have found that looking in depth at another  encourages me to see, and enjoy, all sorts of different aspects of the exercise, particularly how it has been considered - before/during/after.  I have enjoyed getting a sense of each  - for instance,  masculine/feminine, solid/delicate, quickly/slowly built.  It is great, and inspiring to see many different approaches to the same problem.  It is also interesting to see how much we are all alike, and it is easy to identify with the apparent challenges and carefully balanced solutions! My score for this  is 7/10 (I can't work out how to put this on the front page!)""The submission was thorough and answered the question fully- it aimed for the highest t value and he highest  possible under that constraint. It was interesting to review god process I went through, first ing, then reflecting, working it out on paper , hypothesising and Ghent creating, building and modifying.I could have improved the submission by ing of ways to make if more beautiful.I learned a lot about the way I  and solve problems by experimenting as well as theorising. I was pleased with my maximum  t value of 12.5 maximum height of 93cm and the trade off between height and t value and beauty vs functionality.""Your  is certainly a unique interpretation of the assessment that I am sure many of didn't consider - so kudos to you. It was simple, uncomplicated, met the brief.It wojld have buen interesting if you explored other aspects of the brief - looking at other ways of using just the two s, using the IFF method to see if you could get more height from it. Or maybe explaining why you stopped at one attempt and when you were just 'kind of satisfied'."Great job! I especially like the fact that you used all dark coloured s- it gives a great contrast to the pale background and gives a stronger visual aesthetic to the shape. My only criticism would be the  sitting at the top- I don't feel it's needed and feel that the composition would look better without it. I feel that it distracts a little from the wonderful, asymmetrical balance that you achieved without it. Although 'asymmetrical' and 'balance' may sound a little contradictory, the overall form feels balanced, even though it's asymmetrical in design. It's really quite beautiful and elegant in form, which contradicts too with the materials used (rugged boots). I love that irony! I  without that  on top, I'd give it an 8 or even 9- I really like it. I never thought I'd be artistically pleased by a  of rugged s- thank you! The   looks very symmetric and nice, and for me, it is easy to imagine how it would be like if this  was built in the real world. The only thing needs to be improved is, the builder have to be more confident in his/her work. because it is really beautiful both in colors and shape. It deserves to be rated an 8.I have chosen the easy way of stacking the s so in that sense my  isn't creative at all. I could have tried different combinations and possibilities. I seemed to have focused on the stability and height based on what I already know about stacking. I see I can be really playful next time and let my imagination go free. On the other hand I like the lessons I learnt about how one can get more creative. So, overall I  the exercise achieved its purpose.A description of the design process is lacking however, planning of the construction process is included which is good.  Different designs that were tested and failed have not been discussed.  T metric calculated correctly.  More height could have been achieved by slightly altering the design and repositioning some.  I personally would never have thought to design the  in that way.  So I learnt that there are many different design approaches.  "I  it the process of eliminating designs was helpful, as was choosing to partially rebuild. However, I didn't  of anything beside the obvious. My designs lacked creative flair! Also, rather than lamenting the lack of suitable s I should have focused harder on achieving with what I had.I have learned the importance of thoroughly reading instructions - I concentrated purely on height, any T value enhancing moves were coincidental."I enjoyed your description of the  very much and you seem to have approached the task very purposefully.   If I do have a suggestion it might be to play around with other ideas a little more perhaps, and see if other configurations didn't achieve more structurally or aesthetically.  But I say that knowing that sometimes I feel like I 'know' the way to approach something and proceed from there and your direct approach reminded me that simplicity is always a good first approach.  Thank you for sharing your reflections."The use of three s in order to build a solid base and also the use of the crossing pattern has been a good ideas.The flip flop on the top are great!I really like your  and a little more color could make this  awesome."  was built successfully.  Submission is lacking any real reflection.  There is not indication of how many attempts were made at or how the final design was achieved.  There is some content referring how to improve the design (better balance) of the  which is good.  The picture appears to show more than the 4 s (4 pairs of s totalling 8 s) stated in the submission.  T metric is quite good with regard to other submission seen on discussion board.  The two final questions have not been answered which is slightly disappointing.  "I like the look of my , mostly because I like the look of my s! (Also I don't really wear the black heels on the top because they are slightly too big, so it's good to get some creative use out of them).I like the visual feature of the boots at the bottom, positioned in a way that we most often look at s (front on, side by side) juxtaposed with the mix up of the remainder of the . Visually I would prefer the brown boot in the middle had the zip done up, or was facing the other way (to feature the buckle on the other side) and that the brown sandal strap was neatly tucked away.One thing I realised AFTER I submitted the assignment is that the top 2 s are actually leaning on the door behind, so in that way, I have actually not succeeded in the assignment at all! However, I believe that it would be a freestanding  if the black heels at the top were not included, which would bring my T index down, but would be more accurate to the assignment. Just looking at the picture again now, I  I could have fit two pairs of s in the boots (maybe a pair of flexible flip flops) instead of one, which could have given more height and stability.I learned that actually getting in and doing (experimenting) this assignment was more effective than visualising it, though I did enjoy considering different methods prior to my attempts, so I guess in that way, both methods are valid.  ""I really loved your . It's simple, yet beautiful. I  you pay too much attention to the details and like to elaborate what you do. I  you are proud of your creations and like aesthetics. You seem to me as a very hard working girl who puts a lot of effort on what you do and even takes the time to build many options, measure them and compare them. I have learned that we are all similar and different at the same time, for instance, I saw your  and immediately identify myself with your because I also love high heels and I also tried to use my tall boots to add height, but came to the same conclusion: they wouldn't stand tall by themselves. And I also love my Brooks for running. Are they Adrenaline? :)""Self evaluation- point one- I talk/write too much! Looking at this again, I'm happy with my initial evaluation, I don't  I want to change it. I do love the mirroring that I achieved and the balance. One more thing I notice this time I look at it, is the size of the boot on top is larger than those below- of course I knew that when I made it, but seeing it now with a refreshed stance, makes the heaviness of the top boot more pronounced and accentuates the look of balance. It may be interesting to remake the structure and have the mirroring from an additional perspective as well- so that positioning is mirrored still in the elevation, but also with another , back to back- with the same single s side by side. I see similarities with my subject two peer review, in the type of s and in the balance. ""Great height achieved, I'm impressed! I like how it looks, it's quite symmetrical so it looks nice. I  the only thing I would have done different is what you mention about the coloured layers, maybe put all of the black ones at the bottom to make the base. Girls s can hinder more then help, trust me, try making a  out of stilettos! ;)I  stacking teh s into a chimney shape like you have is a really good idea, if I was to do mine over I would consider this option. Well done :)""Firstly well done on a fine piece of work.  The structure looks sturdy and tall, notwithstanding a very tall boot (which you can be glad to have had access to!).  This makes it quite unique.It would have been good to know how many attempts and how long you were engaged in the process overall.However, overall, I can see the benefit of using boots but critically, your foundation was strong.   Well done. ""I cannot believe you used a pair of boots!!!! Surely the best way to get a higher 'T' value is less s -  therefore requiring taller s! I cannot believe I didn't  of this.! My wardrobe does however, not contain any boots. SoI am secretly wondering if you have used your wife's s! And wish I had thought of that!!  Anyway .. well done. A smart solution! I liked your reflection too. Clearly your tastes are boring with respect to colour and I laughed out loud about your son's design being more popular. Yes indeed, kids have not yet learnt to be 'un-creative' I cannot decribe your  as beautiful as i do not like your taste in boots (  :)  )and that pink colour of the Crocs looks like an elephant's tongue! Plus I hate Crocs!  :)I do however admire the inwards orientation of the boots, the vertical alignment of your , the perpendicular placement of the crocs, ... and the sneaky 'T' value optimisation by using only 1  to gain extra height at the top level. Your design is clever! Your approach indicates to me that spending a little more time ing about the problem might have led me to considering using taller s. My daughters have truckloads! And i did not even  to share or seek feedback or input from others like you did. But I will next time! I thought that was a great idea. So well done mate ! Very well done!"Great job. In future it would be good if you could include a photo. I like the attention to colour.   genius! I completely missed the T formula thing on mine...you just taught me how to calculate the perfect . The aesthetics of shadows falling around the s works beautifully. Brown tones of s work well with the wooden floor. Maybe the running  could have been left out completely? Beautiful example of a  . I wonder how wonderful it could become with 10 attempts?I  I did reasonably well in getting my  this high.  What was different was the way I oriented the s and used only a single  to get a higher score.  If I had had more s, I may have been able to do more.  Perhaps I could have paid more attention to the idea cloud.  I perhaps learned that two heads are better than oneMy evaluation! Well this is a little confronting. I had no idea about the T formula when I created my  and was just creating a TALL SHOE TOWER. I didn't know I needed to carry a tape measure. I don't even  I own one tall enough to reach that high. So I probably get a big fat ZERO for that part of the project. Let's assume it was about 200cm x approx 10 s = T20. I've never been one for measuring things or taking notice of time or numbers. It was tall...very tall. It was made from a big box of s that I carried up a steep hill. I was pretty exhausted by the end. I  even talking about it requires a hot chocolate. Overall I  I could gain back some points because it was so fabulously gorgeous. Now, as my own critical friend, I must  inside the box next time and make sure I haven't missed any instructions. I will go back and double check. I have discovered that I am rather insane. Well I actually already knew this. But it pleases me that even the idea of this project shows that I am not the only one. I am looking forward to future projects."I liked the way you made your  in matching pairs. They made it very pleasing to the eye. I found the way you used a solid base interesting as well. One part of the question you didn't consider was the need to maximise the 'T' value, meaning that you had to try to make height divided by the number if s as large as you could.I learned from your reflections about the process you followed to construct the  and loved your comments about finding by s you didn't know you had! Thank you.""You explained your thought process well, thank you. I did also like how you had a carton beside the  for perspective I imagine. Wonderful idea!I  having every level the same would have made it more boring (therefore less beauty) and liked that you tried to mix it up.  Good luck with the rest of the course. I'm sure you'll do well. "I also loved the design of your minimalist ! I liked that you worked on both s, recognising the difference in types of s and object you were working towards. My only suggestion would be whether there are any other ways you could use your s to build a . You might have considered this as part of your process, but can s be more than just blocks - what about the s laces, or heels or heel straps - do they add a different type of tool to work with? Hard to improve on what you've done. Great job."My design has quite a lot of height for the number of s, resulting in good T value. I could have removed 2 of the s as they didn't do anything but decided to leave them as it added to the shape. using all of the boys s on the bottom and girls s at the top was different from what other people had done and created a good balance of sturdy vs pretty.If I was to do it over, I would go for a pyramid shape. I saw another person had done this and it not only looks nice but it also look strong. I also saw other people made rather visually appealing s with stilettos only. I don't  they would be very sturdy, but they sure do look pretty :) I learned that some of the most obvious shapes are often the best, I was so busy trying to  outside of the box that I didn't even bother trying to look in it!"I liked that I worked on two different approaches to  building and observed differences in  styles and their value in construction. I enjoyed this project and I  I did a good job."I'm impressed with the height you reached. I'm not sure if you calculated your T score? I've worked it out as 5 (50cm / 10 s).I saw that you had 12 attempts to build it. Did you try any other designs? As your 'critical friend', I would have liked some reasons why you felt your  should score 8 for beauty (because there's no photo so it's hard for me to understand what was beautiful about your ). I've learned that it's useful to provide an explanation of self-ratings to make it simpler for readers to understand the reasoning and whether or not they would agree."Really great job! I love the simplicity of this  and the fact that you got it pretty high using only a couple of s. You've also thought well about how the s can be used to reach the height. I love that you've used s vertically! That it not something I thought of.  Being a 'critical friend' I would only say that I want more colour and more pattern! But I know this is easier said than done and really comes down to what s you have available. All in all, I really loved your . You taught me to  about how materials can be used differently to achieve results! "The look of the  is aesthetically pleasing with the gaps between layers and pairing of s. Also, the detail into the creative process highlighted my curiosity in seeking a solution to the challenge.It was good to reflect on the process that occurred in the lead up to sitting down and actually creating the  because you can better understand the thought process and creativity.It was a really literal interpretation of the exercise and I wonder whether I could have let my imagination run a bit wild and thought more about what could have happened if I had deconstructed the s and then drew my submission.One thing that I learnt from this submission is that there was more than one solution to the problem, and you can see failure led to success."Hello there! Thanks for the submission of your work. Even though you did not spent a lot of time doing it, at least you gave it a try for two minutes and you completed the exercise. Maybe, it should be good if you thought about the purposes of the exercise in the class and reflect upon the lessons that the exercise tries to teach - such as incorporation of course concepts on the role of failure and opening up your mind for more creativity by entering a stage of playfulness. Hope you got those lessons from the exercise and continue to practice and incorporate playfulness in your daily life! Ha ha. Awesome! Yours was nearly identical to mine. Yours also gets more colourful the higher it goes. I  that the dirt adds to the creative story of the .  Enjoy your journey through the rest of the course.   "Wow, you were able to find so many s. Well done! I found the way your placed your last level (the high heels) it makes it look nice.I would have liked to hear more about your process.I would have also liked to spend more time in discussion.Good luck with the rest of the course. I'm sure you'll do well. ""I  your   is lovely! I love the simplicity, and  it's a really interesting approach. I'm also impressed with the heights you reached with your earlier attempts. You've said that you don't feel the 3-5 minutes you spent on your first s was enough, but I  that if those 3-5 minutes made it clear to you that your design wasn't going to work as well as you'd like, then that's enough time.As your 'critical friend' I have to point out that the assignment was to build a 'free-standing' , which your  isn't. That said, before I noticed the free-standing requirement, I thought about several ways of building but none as interesting as yours. With my , I didn't  beyond the obvious. After seeing your , I will try to look for solutions that are less obvious."Good work! Good use of s to create a stable base. I like the fact that you hung 2 s of the edges like a scale! Perhaps you could try to use less s for the bottom but space them out for a larger stable base with less s for a higher T number? You managed to allow me to see that the use of thongs also work! Very good! "I really liked how you played with the pairs and the colours, it gives the  a sense of unity. Your reflection about having things in order is also interesting. You have been very perseverant! It would be fun (and maybe higher?) to try and put the s vertically at the top if it could stand.I learnt through marking these two submissions that this is all about doing things differently than the way you do them usually! Thank you""It was great to see that you had several attempts a the   and were building on the original idea of having the boots at the bottom but worked out a way to use them most effectively after some trial and error.Your comment about the  looking like it's floating is an interesting way to look at it, especially when we are talking about making a structure that is stable. It certainly made me go back and review your photo and I could see what you were talking about.To improve the project I  it would have been great to see if you could have achieved the same height with less s, and used some of the creative ing that saw you make your boots more stable by inserting s inside them.From the image it looks like you focused more on the shape of the  and how it would fit in the structure as an individual rather than needing to keep it in its traditional pair, which is an interesting and creative way to look at the object.""Well done! When I saw that your  had single s with a pair inside i wondered why I hadn't thought of that!  I thought that was pretty creative! And I liked your base ... the vertical stack s in the base / foreground looked rather architectural! And it was all nice and symmetrical and even ..  until approaching the apex when it all went a bit leany ( creative non-word)!  At this point  my beauty meter registered a slight fall however i am filled with admiration for your creatively diverse taste in footwear. My suggestion for improvement relates to your own comments about your work. You do not appear to have valued it highly enough and I don't  creativity is time dependent as you suggest. And I  you have underestimated your ability. And the boyfriend should do the exercise before his score gets any cred!It is interesting to see how the feedback you provided actually correlates with personal beliefs about individual creativity as outlined in the videos..... ie we all have it but tend to not understand or value our own unique approaches. So I  once you know your particular style you will rate yourself more highly. And bonus points for getting the photo before the dog did a  bomb. Cheers. :)""Positive: I love the symmetry and the thought you put into matching colours.Unique: The symmetry and the colours are great while maintaining a decent T-Score.Revision: Third, be a critical friend - I  the t-score could have been even higher if more pairs of s were added.Education: I learned that the symmetry and colour are important considerations, that I did not give a lot of weight to in my , but worked well in yours."I am not quite happy with the results of my work.I like the look of this . I  the use of paper s to make the  look aesthetically pleasing is very creative and unique. The added colours to present the  look interesting and the  is a nice pyramid style shape. To get a better T rating, a little more thought could go into construction to keep the number of s down and the height still high. From this , I learnt that you can push the limits of challenges and things are always open to interpretation (but that's a good thing!)Great , meets my traditional understanding of a , the sparkles are a great touch and draw the eyes straight to them, perhaps putting them on top would have perhaps drawn the eye to the peak of the ?  I liked the heel on top though, might have given my  some added height!Solid foundation and the top s are tipped up to add more height. Unique in that some of the s are suspended there and it looks a bit like  a Christmas tree. Perhaps more could have been done to interlock the s into each other, and discard s that were not adding to the structure. On the other hand, the range of colours and styles of s make it interesting to look at. What I learned as a feedback provider was that my  was not the only strange looking one and perhaps I was too hard on myself when rating it on the beauty scale.I really liked the names you gave your s and could see the stairs and the football player. Very creative and unique! I  you have been very creative with both the placement of the s (upside down, inside each other, standing on end) and the names. The correct units for the T value is cm per : first  was 5 cm/, the second was 8 cm / (not just cms). I feel your creativity is more than a 6. I learned from this submission that with a bit of imagination the  s could resemble real things.I really enjoyed reading your submission and how much time and care you took to do it.  I liked your description of what you did for each attempt. It was interesting to read you are from China and it's your first time learning on the internet.  It is my first time doing this as well and I left it to the last day as well. I  you did a great submission and explained in your reflection what you learnt, I will try to do that better in my next submission. good luckGreat job! I like the way you used the Eiffel  as inspiration for your  and although  you say you decided to make something more durable instead- from an outside perspective, your initial idea of creating an Eiffel  like structure is still evident. I'm not sure if this was deliberate or not, but I can see a loose pattern of colour forming with the positioning of s in the . It seems to start with brighter s on the bottom outer layer, transitioning to more neutral tones and then into darker tones in the middle of the structure. Again, not sure if this was deliberate or not, but I can also see a pattern to the types of s used and the way they are positioned at certain points within the structure, I  that adds value to the structure as it gives a more uniformed look. I especially like the s placed on top of the structure and feel that the zig zag of the straps, both points to (black straps) and frames (coloured straps) the s beneath. I  it would be interesting to explore the same structure with a different use of colour. For example, using all dark coloured s would make the  contrast more against the background and would make the form of the structure more visible. However, as most people wouldn't have a huge selection of coloured s to play with, I  it's enough just to play with this idea in the imagination, since you've already achieved a successful physical structure. I would rate your  at a least a 6. I honestly hadn't thought of using an existing  (like the Eiffel ) as a staring point for my own  . In hindsight, this seems like a good option- Thank you. "Interesting structure. A bit drab but it appeals to me as an engineer. Lots of work boots.The structure is well designed and the high T score exemplifies this.Perhaps a bit more colour might help in future, but you would need to be careful, as it could change the whole look and feel.I agree with your beauty score from the pure engineering beauty.I  you short changed yourself on creativity. I would give you 7 - 8, as now having looked at quite a few projects your engineering flair is evident.Great . Well done.""Positive: Well done on getting a great t-score and reaching such a height.Unique: I liked the grid/popsicle approach to try and get the  so high.Revision: With further revisions, patience and more s, your  could have been better.Education: I learned that initial planning and rapid iteration and adjustments were useful heuristics to achieve such a height. ""perseverance was done well. My  collapsed a number of times and each time I smiled and tried to  of improvements before starting again. So I have persistence. I was focusing on achieving a stable base, vertical alignment, stability at successive levels and placing pairs of s in horizontal orientations. All good . .. but I did not  about what ELSE I could do. 'What else can you do?' Would have been a good question for me. So would ""How else an I skin this cat?"" And I cannot believe that I did not  to use tall s or boots - which had the potential to give me a much higher 'T' value. Heck ! Just one pair of boots would have given a much better score than my  which used 24! So I would benefit by actually considering the problem space and possible approaches before I started. I just jumped into building! What I learnt has come mostly from evauliating the other two s of my peers, who both  seemed to have more effective approaches. I have learnt that collaboration prior and during a task can be very beneficial. And I have learnt tat IO could have sought advice or assistance from my family while building ... as my peers did. So if there are human resources around ... why not pick their brains too! I picked up a lot from what others did. This suggests the power of collaboration and on a personal level, brainstorming or ing more before I start would be helpful.""Great to hear you were able to get your family and neighbourhood in to rate your  . It would appear to me many have worried about not being high enough, including myself. So you are in the same boat as others there. I would have like to see more of your thought process.In answer to your question. I find I try to evaluate the project I am doing estimate how long it's going to take then times it by three. This is what I have found works for me.Good luck with the rest of the course. I'm sure you'll do well. "I  your  is quite amazing! Very few s for a lot of height, and I really like the aesthetics of it - it's very tall and straight. You put a lot of time and effort into this assignment, which I find quite inspiring, as I did much less for it. I  you could rate yourself higher and you'd really deserve it. Clear use of tall s, and the space between demonstrates the strength of the .  Perhaps some added colour or light would help?  "Hi. I really liked your persistence and the way you tried lots of different methods to build your . I agree with you that the Zen method was the most aesthetically pleasing.I found it interesting that you used the laces to tie the s together- good idea send in your Zen pile made a neat and colourful 'pairs tied together' look.It would have been good to know the 't' values of all your s and to further challenge yourself by trying to get as high a t value as possible as was asked in the question.Thank you for giving me the idea of using the laces to help in this task and for showing me various ways of constructing the ."A wonderful example of   aesthetics! I see a good balance of color and symmetry. This is a very beautiful   indeed. A very measured and practical approach has achieved a solid outcome. I like that you have used restraint in order to achieve a more pleasing and solid result. Maybe the final picture could stand out more with excess s removed from view? You have taught me to consider if I need to use everything in order to get a superb final outcome. Well done!I liked the fact that you had 5 revisions - I found that your T value was very interesting, and it must have been a very solid .  You can try improving your T value by having a base with less s to aim for height.  I learnt how other people could experience creativity.I am impressed at the height I managed with my s. It's unique in that it uses a very bright colour boot at the top! Perhaps I could have kept going with the height with more time taken. I've  learnt that it's not easy but lots of possibilities are possible "A beautiful solid, well engineered , where no expense was spared (in time or money) to create the best work I could.I was involved in a number (10) experiments before arriving at a final .I now (having seen other works and presenting my work to friends) changed my initial beauty score and creativity score.I now confidently mark myself as;Beauty = 8 - 9Creativity possibly 8, considering the biases introduced because of my engineering background.Overall I would say I have done a good job, while learning a lot about my creative flair!I spent several hours on this project and one criticism, could be I need to fail quicker and perhaps more often to reduce the time to arrive at a masterpiece.""I really like the look of this  - the use of the same type and colour of slippers is visually very appealing, as is the triangular base. It reminds me of a rocket, which I  looks quite cool.  It genuinely has the look of a construction because of the base, rather than just a pile of s. Well done."Hi there, your description of the  is very easy to understand.  I like that you grouped the s into "formal" and "casual" as I imagine this would impact the beauty of the  in a positive way. I also found it difficult to get the s to balance, even though I had a vision of how the  should work and be put together, so I am glad to hear someone else had the same problem. well doneLovely. You completed the assignment with all the required points covered. Good luck on your journey through the rest of this course. I liked that you described how you tried different ways of balancing the s by moving them around different ways. I  it was good that you got to 57cm with only 8 s. I also could tell that you enjoyed trying quickly to see how it would work. Thank you for sharing this with me it was good to see that doing it quickly gave a good result."The  is well designed from an engineering perspective with a solid base.Your T=5 is a good technical result (following the rules).I would mark you 7-8 for creativity and probably 7for beauty. Although your focus on the structural integrity of the  is commendable.The few coloured s added to the beauty. My constructive comment is that you could have thought a bit more about the photo of your great work, to highlight the coloured s and accentuate the beauty.Well done."Hi! I commend you for your creativity! The way you used the boots by making best of their length and overcoming the stability issue by putting other s in them or underneath them impressed me. Very well done indeed. I also commend you for trying 6 times. Well, it doesn't look beautiful at all but it wasn't something you concentrated on. There is a symmetry in your  so you got a basis to work on beauty. The lesson you drew from this exercise is an educational one: `having a clear goal.` Knowing what we want helps us to focus our mind and energy. Keep up the good work :) cheers... D An interesting result making good use of high heels. The reflection asked for you to provide detail on the process you used to achieve this result so the response you give are quite short. For example how long did it take for you to achieve this. How did the metric improve with your attempts. From a creative point of view do you  that you were working "outside of the box". For example all of your s are orientated close to the way you would normally use them. Did you try other orientations? What things do you  stopped you from producing a higher ? The colours do help to make it "beautiful" but I also  the shape of the s used also add to the beauty and make it an interesting achievement. With any creative exercise it is good to understand what things limited what was achieved. Remembering these things helps with the next creative problem."A good piece of work that achieved height with minimal s.  The boot seems to be a favourite to gain height and needs a solid foundation to work.  However, I do seem to count possibly 9 s (even flip flops count as a  in my book), so not sure why you use 5.5 in your formula.  This is not an important point just a clarification from a detailed person!It has been reinforced to me that the foundation is critical - and I should add boots to mine and my wifes collection of footwear!  Well done for a good submission.""After I made the evaluation of two other works I'm very proud and happy about mine.I really enjoyed that moment and I'm still very happy about shape, color, height and time used to build the .""Love the pink s, in the middle layer, and the cherry on the top! Nice touch!  Color composition is attractive, too.Sharing your thought process has helped me understand the process behind the building of your . Although you jumped right in to build it, there is still an element of structure to it. I can see that balance plays an important role in the whole structure. It is interesting that only the soft boots were YOUR s. All the other pairs, belonged to other people, yet it was your boots that held the whole structure together. I wonder if only stilettos were used, could your  have gained a higher T score? Or maybe a base of tall boots, would have gained a higher score?  Was the score even important, or did you choose to forget it? Perhaps, spending a few minutes ""reing"" the base, would have resulted in a higher score.Reaching a level just beyond 'good enough', seems to have been the intention. Style of building and expression of submission, are reflecting personality/ behavior/ current belief system in play. "I like the way you showed the revisions you went through and also that you used more than one method in your final .  I  there might be other ways to make a  'strong'. but you have created a  using flatter s than I did, which might have helped my this structure has achieved an impressive height considering the materials used. the use of the individule components of the s to increase the strength of the structure showes a strong willingness to achieve a strong solution to the problem at hand. the only downside would that in trying so hard to achieve height the beauty of the structure in comparison to the elements of the structure has been reduced. This shows that a single minded approact to a problem may provide a solution that is strong in some areas but weak in others"Your  looks very sturdy, I wish I had of thought of using a pyramid design, seems so obvious now! I also really like how you took the triangle aspect to the next level and used it throughout the whole structure, I can tell by looking at it that it was added a lot of strength. Stuffing the s into each is another good idea as it has allowed you to use the s both horizontally and vertically. Looking at the colours of the s you have used, I would  maybe you could have almost striped your structure by using the pink and red s in one layer and the blues in another. It's easy for me to say though as I don't know how heavy/strong each  is!After looking at your  if I was going to do mine over, I would definitely copy the pyramid idea. Nice one :) "You had a methodical approach to the task and so neat and tidy! Yes I enjoyed playing Jenga with my son so could relate to your analogy. Your procedure was well articulated so no problem following your instructions. I wonder what the outcome would be if you didn't plan as much and let your imagination happen without so much forethought? How different would the structure be? On reflection I have learnt that creativity is a balance between imagination together with thoughtful and methodical planning. Thank youBright and colourful, liked the use of colour, perhaps placing it away from the wall would have shown that the  was standing independantly.Your  has great height and strength! The dark colour scheme also contributed to the powerful nature of your sky-scraping . The construction of the  itself was very well done, it would have been great to see some variation in your stacking methods. As your s are very sturdy looking (unlike flip flops) could you have included some cantilever building techniques to add to the aesthetic? I learned from your submission not to limit construction techniques based on the materials at hand. I  my  was executed creatively, but I broke the rules, so no, I did not do 'well' in that sense. What I did do was construct something unique. I've looked at other people's s and they are gracious, clever and well executed  s, but I really wanted to stretch my wings and take a risk. I  I have done that.  Putting on the hat of a critical friend I might comment that I am being arrogant; I was not taking the assignment seriously; or that I took the assignment too seriously. On the other hand, what I have learned is that there remains within me the playful (possibly wilful) child who watches what everyone else does and then blithely goes her own way. Fifty-six years ago I was too afraid to do that, however much I longed to. I'm glad my five-year old self asserted herself and broke some rules. It has been a very valuable lesson in being creative. My  is sitting on my desk, with the little sketch of me poking out of the top. It is a reminder that if I want to be creative I need to say 'Shoo' to the people who would interrupt me and that I am a creative, somewhat silly woman, and there's nothing wrong with that. "The  is a really great height using just 10 s and  using attractive s especially with the glow the photo shows is fun.It was interesting that you considered the size of s that you were using to try and build the tallest  with the least amount of s, and incorporated other s from your family.It would have been great to get a little more insight into your thoughts and ideas before you sat down and actually started building. This would have revealed more of your creative process.Something that I hadn't thought of was getting inspired from other sources and in your case you mentioned the music you had playing.""This  has a simple but interesting structure.Your design looks fairly unique with many angles and directions. I can understand why you needed extra support (s).For improvement, you might look at how you present your work and by this I mean the backdrop. The surrounding clutter did not help to show your  in the best light.Hence I have to agree with your beauty score of 7. However I  you have underestimated your creativity - it is an interesting  with a high T value. Perhaps 7-8 for creativity and with a bit more IFF you might have increased the height and the glamour. Well done.""Positives: There are several positives with this piece of work. Firstly, there is a solid structure hence giving it stability. Secondly, the student explained how they thought about this project for a week, and was able to come up with several concepts to trial. Thirdly, the T value is very high.Unique: I  the uniqueness comes from the student's well thought through process that enabled them to achieve an outcome fairly quickly with minimal attempts.Revision: I would suggest adding more colour to the piece of work to make it more visually appealing.Education: One thing I learnt from this student is the importance of having a well thought through process before commencing.""What an excellent T score! And I agree your  deserves a 9 for beauty. The name you have chosen for your  is very creative and I can see why you have chosen that. I love the way each  holds a position of importance - the  would not exist without each one's presence, all supporting each other, in their own way.I find your interpretation of the blackness of the s, matching the blackness of the era, that the original Leaning  of Pisa was built, apt. From my observation of other  s, I find yours to be particularly well thought out, with such a low number of s. Using the s,singularly, as you have, has definitely given you an excellent height/ ratio advantage. Well done. The balance is commendable.I wonder how you felt, each time the  crashed to the ground? What were you ing, at the time?  Was it just the four attempts to get this result? I can see that your style of simplicity follows through in your submission style.  I would love to read more about your thought processes, as you created your .The simplicity of your 's style appears to be reflected in your written submission style. Brief, yet carefully chosen.  I can see how your personality has shone through, in both. A pleasure to see your amazing work.""Positive: Firstly, I went through a thorough but quick thought process, which included an analysis phase (where I put out the s and analysed the different features of each ). Secondly, the analysis phase enabled me to select s to make a strong and sturdy  . Thirdly, the T value is very high.Unique: My focus was less is more, I used the analyse phase to help me build a strong and sturdy  with minimum number of s.Revision: I only used three colours, it would be good to have more colour.Education: I learnt from this exercise the importance of ing process, in particular the analysis phase."You have built a good  which is a little hard to review being on the side, however a positive T rating after on a few attempts.  Interesting attempt to use the laces which would have been good to have been photographed also.  Overall, you seem a little dejected and frustrated by the exercise but as you say, good work on having a go.  I learnt that there are other alternatives to consider (laces) that have not been mentioned in my other evaluations.  Good job.Your approach was very methodical and had a great result. It was fantastic your  sounded very robust. Unfortunately the photo or detailed description was not available on the review I had access to. Your approach to the task gave you a great result. I wish I could have seen the photo as it sounded like a great . I would have also liked to hear a bit more about how the first 4 s influenced your final submitted result"You certainly spent a lot of time on this exercise. More than most I would say. This is to your credit. I could not see a photo ( I assume you could not load it, so I am judging on your description, which is OK.Sounds like for effort I should give you 10/10.I will go with your beauty rating = 7Your creativity I will go with 7 which is the average of all your scores.My main concern is the amount of time you spent in an unfriendly environment, to get your work and creation done. Perhaps we could ask others but I feel that creativity would struggle to come to the front if your basic (body) needs are not met (cool, calm and collected). In the circumstances, well done and keep up the enthusiasm.""First of all, I was impressed with your work. It was well done! You mentioned about you wanted to be creative, well, I  you are! You had an idea of trying to build your   in a different way by imagine of a wedding cake. At first, I didn't thought of your work that way until you mentioned it, then I started imagining. Your   looked steadily and color orientated. The only thing I would suggest was to build the   higher, but unfortunately I work also didn't reach the height of over 35 cm. Looking forward to see your piece of work on the next assignment! ""I love the design and the shape that reminds me the Eiffel . the  seems very stable.ps: love the white  on the second level. :)"The  was constructed well with strength in mind. It would have been great to have more s at my disposal to see how high this construction technique would have allowed my  to extend to. I enjoyed the aesthetics of the circular base, giving the  a cone-like shape. It would have been interesting to see if I could have built a  that perhaps wasn't as strong but ended up higher. I learned to maximise the potential of all the s involved, even the flat flip flops. I really like the flowof your structure. It is apealing to the eye and implies a certian warmth. The way the upper spiral forms from the more chaotic base has a universal theme that is reflected in nature. If i was to have one criical comment it would be that the building block potential was under utilised. you had the ability to stetch your design by incorporating elements such as the laces to add stability to your structure with the potential to reach greater heights. I  what your presentation provided o me was that whether you choose to utilise all structural elements of your building material or not is dependant on personal interpretation, style and chosen outcome. I am glad that your symplistic approach provided such a fine looking structure"Very neat  . Yes it is hard to make a  without the s falling down. Piling the pairs of s in a neat  is a unique approach to this exercise. I wonder if the  could have been made a bit taller by tipping the higher s upwards rather than keeping the pairs stacked flat on top all the way up? What did I learn from providing feedback? I was not the only one who had trouble keeping the s in place while building the ."I  this is a fantastic . Its beauty is increased by knowing the story behind it, one of unbelievable perseverance and commitment. You used new techniques and learnt with each revision and the final result is unique as you have "branded" it as a rabbit-eared creation. You possibly could have increased the T-value with less s at the top but would have lost the artistic side maybe. I learned how to apply the PURE constructive criticism technique - and I should have applied this during my creation as I  I would have continued further and persevered more."Positive: I love the yellow boot at the top! It is very unusual and captured my attention. It is an interesting  to look at. I  the simplicity of it appeals to me too. It seems elegant rather than cluttered with too many s. Congratulations on your T score too. The great T score is no doubt a reflection of the time you spent ing about your . Unique: I'm not sure I've seen many boots that colour nor have I seen many boots with laces like that. I like the laces hanging down too.Revision: I wonder what the  would like outside, with some rugged mountains in the background. I don't  the tiled floor does it justice. There's not much more to say, I really like your . Education: I was interested to hear that a 13 year old showed interest and also improved the T score. I had help from a 5 year and 10 year old. The 5 year old added s that decreased my T score. It is great to hear that kids of all ages wanted to be involved and that we could learn from them too. Thank you.""The strength of my work is I really got a good T value.The interesting part of my work is I used as less as s to make a higher s  to get a better T value.But after I saw other students' submission, I  I might paid too much attention of the T value but ignored the stability and beauty part of my .And I also learnt that I need to  both of the goals of the work and utilized all my available resources.""I could not see the  as no photo came through (I am not sure if they were meant to or not). So it was refreshing to read a clear description and a very positive appraisal of your approach and outcome. It sounds that you created a lattice structure and used the structure of the  to reinforce it. Colour was important, and I guess so was a logical structure with patterning.I enjoyed your confidence, you maintained a lot of s in the structure, your pride and enjoyment comes across and thats cool. "i thought your whole submission was well presented and addressed all the questions well. i loved your  , i thought it was very creative both with structure and with use of colour. well done"You did a great job. The photo shows your idea and concept clearly. Your description also explained your s  well.Your s  really impressed me, since I never thought of using high hills when I was doing my work. Although I am a male, I do have some pairs of high hills my female friend left at my home. However, I forgot to use them to see if they can increase the height of my  or not.But one of my key factors to a good show  is whether it has a higher T value. Apparently, you can get higher T value by remove a couple of s.From your work I learnt one thing which is to utilize all the materials I have to achieve my goal.""what a well documented submission. love the depth of detail you went into with each attempt and i have to commend you on your percerverance.i thought you  looked ""classy"" there was something about the s at the top that made it look high class.i also like how you did extra research in rating yourself. well done""I like the symmetry aspect of your  and the effort you put into it. Could you perhaps slip another flip flop into the top one to get more height?Reading your assignment makes me realise that I really didn't put that much effort into mine - thank you!"8 out of 10 well done. I liked the symmetry of your  . It was very creative how you had the face up then sole up on alternate levels. It may have been worthwhile to have so e more attempts given you did so well with 2. I liked your logic of using just one boot to increase your T scoreHats off to you for choosing an element that provided you with a height advantage. (the Boot) and for imposing constraints on your structure. I to like to work with constraints as it forces effort through challenge.I also like that you were not constrained by the need to use each  in a pair as this implies that even though you chose to impose structure on yourself you are not governed by structuer or patterns. When I look hard at you piece I feel slightly frustrated as I am sure you could have found a little more height out of the last  if you played around more with is positioning. Your structure for me shows how the expression of a concept can take many forms dependant on the values placed on it by the individuleWow that is a great . I actually  it is quite beautiful because of the symmetry.  I liked your description of the steps you went through. I used a boot on the top of my  as well but I  I'd try to build it by balancing the s if I did it again, I used a lot more s to get the same height. Well done"I like your 2 submissions and how different they look.You have a more 'conventional"" and a more original design.Would it be possible to construct a light one like the one with 6 s, but higher? (new challenge!)I thought it was a good idea to submit 2, so you can have a good height, but also a good T. Thank you!""Wow, love your design! Fantastic structure.I do especially like the two highest levels and your explanation for making them lighter.You explained yourself well but I would have appreciated understanding your process better as I did like your design a lot.  Good luck with the course. I am sure you will do well. ""first, it is a creative  given the firm foundation base of your hub's s and smart use of your flip flops. it is really creative while let your s stick up straight to have the maximum height.  in terms of design, it is not that impressive, But I know, sometimes, it is really difficult to maintain balance between them.the firm foundation, light structure are the important lessons I learned from you.""Well done! I actually found yours innovative in construction. :] It actually does have the feel of a pedestal type arrangement too and i like your persistence to create variations, that's all the part of creative ing.Yep, i found it unique because you approached it with the Eiffel  approach rather than just one tall , so i comment you for that. Plus i like how you finished the top off.If i was to suggest any criticism- I would almost be inclined to have draped all the laces down. i noticed how some draped from the centre which gave an ethereal feel. If you look, imagine the completely new look it would have had had you draped all laces?! Almost  wholly?At first the idea for me to do these peer evaluations were going to be either boring or time wasting, but as I have found, it not only gives me the opportunity to discover and learn from others from their attempts but to extend my own thoughts of how i could improve and enhance my pwn thought patterns. Thank you.""Having now looked at many s, and having provided feedback for two other students, I feel more kindly about my own .  I NOW  my  is quite elegant and pretty!  I  the height I managed to achieve with a relatively low number of s was a good effort.  My written response was thorough and demonstrated a high level of commitment to task.While I  my submission was thoughtfully and carefully prepared,  I find it interesting that I was fairly hard on myself when assessing scores for creativity and beauty, particularly in comparison with other, more confident students.  Even when building the , my feeling was ""this isn't a very good effort"" - but now see that it was much the same as everybody else's effort!Firstly, having completed the feedback submissions for two other students, I now suddenly see that I should have commented more on their response to the exercise than to the actual s.  Next time, I would approach this differently.  I mentioned at the end of one of my responses that I thought this exercise showed that the process - the trial and error and ing -  was more important than the product, and I would reiterate that now.  I was impressed with the self-assurance of both of the students I assessed - particularly in comparison with my own lack of same!Being a ""critical friend"" to myself is challenging! However,  I would suggest that I have a little more confidence in myself, and not be quite so ready to disregard my own ideas and efforts as ""not much good"".This feedback exercise has taught me to look more deeply at the broad ing behind each response, and importantly, the feeling each student expressed about their work.  I now feel understanding THIS is integral to understanding something of the creative process.   This exercise has taught me to listen to what people are saying, as well as watching what they are doing. I have learned that my effort was actually OK, also that the creative process of others has much to teach me.  I see we are all creative in our own way.  I am encouraged!""Positive: I can see you really learned from your early attempts. The foundation is very solid. Yes, I can also see the T score inspired you. Congratulations on your T score. You are quite right, it is easier to get a better T score with less s.Unique: I like the tripod base. It looks very stable but also elegant. I don't  I saw many (or even any) tripod bases like this.Revision: I would have liked to have read more about what you learnt and how you found the task. It looks like your work has been translated, but maybe some of it was lost when it was pasted in. Education: I like the simplicity of the . It is great to be on a course with people from so many different parts of the world. (I live in Australia.) Even though we all live in different places, our s all look pretty similar!"Great ! I really liked the two legs, which were unique features. I am finding it hard to  of a way to improve it and your two and a half hours were well spent. I learned a new way to perhaps make my own  taller; fitting the s vertically into each other and having the two legs made the  look streamlined. It made me  of the Eiffel ."Great job on completeing the first exercise. I see you experienced Jack's IFF, changed your style after ther first  or two, and got increased height and a good T score as a result !!It would have been intersdting to hear more on the process you went through at the beginning of the exercise.  Did you come up with a plan at all, maybe sketch an idea, or dive straight in and get building?  It would be interesting to know how you came up with the idea that eventually increased the  height. "Hi there... you know at the first glance I liked your ! I thought it had an inbuilt confidence and a statement to make! it is simple and that's where it derives a certain beauty from. so unlike you I'd rate your  much higher in its beauty. I'd have liked you try other combinations too. Just to discover what else you could achieve with these simple set of s. I know it is boring but just trying itself for a purpose can be fun. I liked what you learned from this lesson. 'learning to fail better!` I  it's a priceless lesson and thanks for honestly sharing it. :) cheers.... D"I really enjoyed how different your results are from the others! It is excellent to ""reject"" the rules and  outside the box.Now it makes it hard for me to say ""what could be better"" because it's a completely different reference. I learnt through marking these two submissions that this is all about doing things differently than the way you do them usually! Thank you"I especially love the description of the process in building the   as it is interesting and detailed. It makes me easy to imagine and understand the builder's situation and the way the   be organised. Even though the builder has only 3 pairs of s with him during his business trip overseas, he still tried and came up with a few ideas to achieve his attempt. That was awesome and impressive. I really like the way you stepped through the different options that you considered. I especially liked the way you made the triangle base to make it more stable.  I wasnt sure if the picture of the  was your final . I enjoyed the pattern and balance in your .Very good effort. I like how you analysed the building and the use of so less number of s to build. It's definitely unique in that I would not have imagined that two s could stand like that! Perhaps you could try to stand another two s on the first flat platform? Just a suggestion. You have managed to show me that a   is possible with such  low number of s and I love your T number! Well done! "I let myself thing wildly at first, what we're calling divergent ing now, and brought that back into a real world, convergent ing. If I revised it I would probably ask others as well and get a bigger field of ideas.  I learned most about the structural properties of hard vs soft leather and you never know when that will come in handy."The outcome shows some attempt to " outside of the box" in the aim of maximising the T number producing a unique solution. By recognising self imposed assumptions such as "what is a ". The second example shows how that by breaking another assumption (s staying flat) can also produce interesting, creative solutions. It is also was also good to be able to recognise other things that were limiting the production of other possibilities such as access to other specific types of s. I believe that recognising boundaries real or imagined significantly influences the creative process. The quality of the result will always be open to debate."Very stable construction with an eye to engineering! I found it very interesting that, to the question asking you to rate the beauty of the , you said you judged it by stability, simplicity and aesthetics. I would have agreed with simplicity and of course, aesthetics, but you take a broader view based on construction. It seems that you have taken a structural, engineering approach to the problem. I wonder what you might have come up with had you thrown that away and just tried a less 'stable' approach, just for the heck of it.It's interesting to observe how other people  and approach a problem."Form the two submission that I evaluated, I believe that mine shows the most time to taken to create and test various structures.  The two submissions were lacking content.  I believe I performed quite well.  My  was the tallest and had the most stable looking design.  Rather creating supports, I created a solid base that could be extended very higher (most likely much higher with extra s).  I have learnt that everybody s differently and have different approaches to the same problem.  I would like to have more s in an attempt to make my  higher!The picture came through fine and it was a very handsome  , I  it has an elegant simplicity and you could have rated it a little higher without fear of immodesty  It's interesting that you based your experiments on raising the T Value, I confess I went for the highest  possible with the s available but found it was a very diminishing effect.  As for using laces, in my opinion absolutely within the parameters we were given and it would have been folly not to. I responded to the exercise in a very similar way but I notice that you are perhaps from China? While I am Australian.  It suggested to me that the process of experiment and exploration may be culturally universal."This  is amazing. It is a engineering structural master-piece. (I am an engineer, ha, ha).What it lacks in colour, it makes up for in design. The small number of s helped to provide a high T score. Well done.I.agree with your mark for beauty, primarily because the beauty is in the structure and has been achieved without excessive use of colour.I would mark you 8-9 for creativity, exemplified by the design and a high T score.Fabulous and a Joy to evaluate.""Positives: There are several positives with this piece of work. Firstly, the   is visually appealing with the black and gold combination. Secondly, the student went through a well thought through process, where they considered how to make it look nice, choosing the right type of  as the base and on top. Thirdly, the T value is very high.Unique: As mentioned above, the student went through a thorough thought process where they looked at different aspects (e.g. balance, structure and aesthetics).Revision: I agree with the student that it can do with a bit more colour.Education: I learnt from this student's work is the importance of a well thought through process, looking at different aspects that contribute to the end product."I thought that your  was very beautiful and found it interesting your decided to put your s on a side.  I  you can improve by making a stronger base so you can build higher s.  I learnt that s can be built in ways other than mine! I  my procedure was easy to read and not too detailed so you got the picture  early on. I  it was unique in its honesty about the interest level with the task and the distraction on the T factor. A a improvement I should not dismiss the task so readily as in interesting but inject some of my own parameters to make it so. My other two colleagues put more effort into the process and told a story or outlined their processes clearly with many pictures; more engaging. "I love the composition of the first photo - the branches and leaves of the tree behind, appearing to sprout out of the top of your  . Very Nice. And the flowers are a great finishing touch!  I also love the eye catching pinks, supporting the orangey UGG on top.I am guessing the black boot on the middle level is to support the pinks. It  appears to have a role, kind of like a shadow. I like the way it almost disappears from sight as the attention of the eye, is drawn to the pink boots. I am intrigued by the boot 'sidewalls'. They also camouflage the s piled up as your base. Nice ing. Stuffing the boots to gain strength was also a great idea.How would you have felt, if your  had less s in the base?  Would it have still given you the effect you desired? Or was a large solid foundation, part of your design? I wonder if less s, would have held the next level?I feel you have underscored yourself. Your work deserves a much higher score for creativity, color and that aesthetically pleasing photo. I am glad you worked through your dismay and allowed yourself the pleasure of creation. I wonder how tall you would have got , if you had started from scratch, just one more time?I can see how we know we can do better, and we choose to let that pass, accepting  ""meets the guidelines"" as good enough. I, too did this. Thank you for sharing that. I can see now, that just one more attempt, has the potential to reshape and redefine, the whole initial design. Taking us on a tangent  -perhaps even leading us to an exponential improvement."What color orientated and the way I stack the s were done well. However, I need to be more creative by creating something that looks more interesting that would convince others to use their imagination too. It would be better to build a taller version and using less s."Your   looked sturdy and color- orientated but I wish I had a chance to look at a few angles of your work (front and side) Good attempt after all! Sometimes what we imagine the plan in our head could be different from the practical one so I'm glad you've worked out the best solution for your own work. What you can improve next time is to trying to convince people to see what you see, for example, imagine of building this   by ing of a wedding cake and name your work to 'wedding cake'. That way would enhance your imagination and also others. "First of all, I love the idea that you made a 'colourful'  . I wish I could see a photo of it, but your description helped me imagine it. You then added to this description by calling your  a 'rainbow' which made me feel as if you're very proud of your effort. I  it is good to rate your  as a 7, but I wonder if I'd rate it higher if I could see it? Sometimes, when we compare ourselves to our friends we tend to rate ourselves lower that we could. Because your  is a rainbow it is probably worth an 8 or 9. What I have learnt from this evaluation is that you're right, nothing is impossible. I was a little nervous about giving this feedback but because you were so honest and positive about a tricky assignment you have helped me to understand the value of trying and being positive, no matter what the task is. I  that the height is very impressive compared to the other submissions I've seen.  I found it interesting that some people opted to build s with a low or high T value.  I  I could improve by having more revisions, and I learned that the process of creativity requires intelligent fast failure."Your submission was honest and straightforward. Your design makes the most of the style of the s and is probably honest in the sense that it retains the simple flatness of the style and highlights the understated adornments. It appears you wanted something that worked and was a safe bet. I  again that reflects the design concept of the s you used.I would have liked to see something with the lighting or something to make a feature of the simplicity of the design.In the context of the assignment it is bold to be so simple and straight forward, in some ways it can be unambitious but in another way it displays a test in the way we can take the interpretation. I  the creativity is in the report in presenting it. Its like a dare in a way."I love that your wedding s were on top! and found the idea of using the boots in this way very interesting.  I am not sure how I can add to what you have done as it appears very successful, but as you say, recordkeeping may have helped you get a better score.  I did learn, however from your use of thin, pointy s, at the top, which I had a lot of trouble with.  Great!I  I should have demonstrate how a moved from divergent ing to select the final attempt. I realised that the journey to get to the outcome is the part that interested me more than the outcome and this needs to be included when making comments that is valuable as a learning toolYour storytelling ability and immersion in the task reimagined the   exercise for me. What I did in isolation using my own footwear you did in a communal setting with communal property; how much richer the experience! I have not heard of sorrels before or about the RTD2 project so it was educative.  I can read from your experience that you become absorbed in the flow of the task and devote a lot of time engaging with it but as you mentioned reading the instructions first and some initial planning may have circumvented the trail and error and time commitment -not as much fun though! As a feedback provider I found your persistence to the task and being in the flow of experimenting with different approaches was interesting as an alternative to the way I approached. Valued the difference thank you."What I like about the first one is that although it leans to one side, it has a solid feel about it. The dog looks as though he/she is waiting for something to happen.What i like about your 2nd attempt is the cleanness of it, the metaphor approach you had and the feel of bonding rather than just a . As simple as it is it is almost elegant if one looks at the shape from the inside lines rather than just a pair of s.If I was to look at options for re-creating the first one, it would be to look at trying to build it by using perhaps the length of the s or sides of them to see what different outcomes in building you could achieve. Almost like building blocks that children create, sometimes at their young age they can be more creative than ourselves.I  from this exercise it challenged us to  beyond what is usual and after seeing so many people do similar s, it pushed me to see if there was a way of doing it differently, I was happy to achieve my goal, and pleasantly. If i look at your 2nd one I found it stood out from others because of the clean lines and it didn't have to be complicated, in your case, more poetic. Cheers."As an engineer I like your  because it shows a good basic solution to the problem. It was good to see that you were ing "outside of the box" and using the s in different orientations. For this reason I also like your second result because it is really "out there" and shows how much you were experimenting and learning from what wasn't working. The failures were inspiring you ask more questions about WHY things weren't working and leading you to new ideas. Well done. I liked the feedback you gave and  that your rating is appropriate. Have you thought about what things were preventing you from increasing the T number? If you had access to any type of  how much higher do you  you could go. It is a good thing to be able to recognise what things are limiting the solution - resources, time, money, and also self imposed assumptions. Testing the self imposed assumptions can lead to amazing outcomes - as in your second result.Love your  and accompanying story explaining the choice of  type and focus on stability rather than beauty. I also enjoyed reading about how it reminded you of a block building game - tapping into some childhood creativity. My only suggestion would be challenging yourself to construct it using a different technique (ie you've done a great  already, and now is there another way you could build it too). It might come up with some different ways of using the s eg is there something you could do with the laces, or heels, or angles in the s. You may have already done this as part of your testing process. All up, great job!i felt that your submission was well detailed and provided relevance to the questions. i loved your , i liked the quirkiness to it and how you brought some humour to the task. well done"it impressed me at the first sight of your work, It is great, creative to have three s as the basic structure model, which is beautiful too. you also considered the colour to add more style. I am not sure whether it meet the requirement ""free standing"", as you tired  laces together.  I have not thought about the "" twisted "" structure with three s, that is most creative part. well done!"~~~     break though,  ~  I do not know why I have to use English but Chinese "I  your   is very nice and very symmetric - I'd give it a higher rating than a 7!What I found interesting (in a positive way!) is that your last attempt wasn't your favourite one. I like that you kept trying after an obviously successful attempt! The only suggestion for improvement I can  of right now is that you could have tried it even more times.My favourite part is that you had a lot of fun doing this exercise! :-)""You can find different kinds of s to do a more stable basement.I don't  the s close to the wall is allowed""Good job! First off, I'm really impressed that you didn't let language difficulties discourage you from doing this exercise!Also, I like that you didn't give up even though it was a bit frustrating to see the  collapse again and again; and that you put a lot of thought and effort into it!One suggestion I have for improvement is that you could include a picture or a drawing of your project next time - but all in all, great work! ""...   150com+(o)0.4m=40cm so T=40/10=3 but 40."What I really liked about your  , is the aesthetic side. You have a nice feeling for this. Moreover, I liked your inner drive and unwillingness to give up. I found really interesting that you focused more on the aestethic aspect than on the T value. For the future I can only suggest what you already mentioned yourself - that you go even further, even if you seem satisfied with your work at that moment. It can bring unexpected results and open new dimensions for you. What I learned from your reflection and what motivated me is your tenacity and inner drive. And I also kind of admire your "artistic" side. Thank you and good luck with next exercises! What I especially liked about this reflection is that you stopped after the first trial just to read the instructions again and  about the problem for a while. I also found your mathematical/analytical approach to the problem very interesting. And for the Princess  at the top, you also get some plus points from me for creativity. :) But for the future, I would suggest to let your imagination fly away even more. You focused mainly on the T value and the mathematical side of the problem. You seem very rational, which is great and brought you satisfying results, but for me creativity means also escaping the normal, rational world and letting sort of your craziness out. You nicely touched this by putting the Princess  at the top and I would encourage you to go further. What I learned from reviewing your reflection is that it can really help to reread the instructions and give yourself some time for ing about the problem before rushing into actully solving it. Thank you and good luck with other exercises!  "You did a good job building a quite high and nice  with just 4 s.The  is not typical and shows the imagination of you.Unfortunately you did not have a lot of s, because the more the resources are, the more it is difficult to manage them.Giving a feedback to myself let me assess my job more profoundly.""The  really is so high and it looks so good and neat. The way you built it made your  firm.The amount of s amazed me. You could manage 23 s and I dont find it easy.I  you built it in a somehow traditional way, however I am sure you are be able to build a  with a more original style.Giving this feedback enhances my vision for how the  could be built better by me if I had enough resources. ""Although there is no picture of the  I see you spent a lot of effort and did a great job. You used different types of s, even sandals and your intention was not anyhow just to build a , but to do your best and I would say you succeeded. The idea of pyramid was a good choice.You could use 12 s and just two of them were supporters. It showed your ability of design to build a ""10 s height""  with just 2 supporters.I would recommend you to use less s but to reach a more height.Giving a feedback allowed me to have a more analytical approach to the   Exercise.""The best aspect of this   is that it looks beautifully organised. I also like the realistic approach to the assignment.The most unique element of this  is the balance at the center of the .However, you(maker of the ) lack in enthusiasm and sincerity towards what you were doing and you miss-calculated the T-value it should be 3.125.Giving this feedback I have learned which aspects I should consider while analyzing a project.""Nice concepts on the gumboot !The  is very wide.The  could have a better look if the pattern was a bit in height.How to Build a strong base for a  can be learnt from this assessment. ""The first strong impression I got from this  is that the builder is an amazing visionary and can use colors very well.Secondly, the way it was composed specially the base of the  is awesome.I just wish the builder is as sincere in the written part as s/he was in the assignment from the next time.By doing this evaluation I surely have to be humble and I should always keep in mind that someone is better than me. I give this assignment 9/10.""It is done well :)short but good looking  .could have been a better   using those s in height."WOW! that is a good looking  . I really like your building method. And I appreciate your friends' input to help you. You have a very precise and short submission. That's actually good in some cases. However, I don't see in-depth description that is required in the 2nd question. I  you really should take care of details. I really wish your submission was as detailed as your  . Great job and good luck!"The   looks impressive with style.the 's top floor is attracted by the boot which is unique.the  could have been more in height if more s were used to build a better base.The more strong the base the more easier to balance the standing ."Great to see you have achieved a nice structure with 2 pairs of s. It is definitely balanced and looks good. It is interesting to see your ability to express freedom and independence through whatever you have created. This is an amazing ability. I hardly see people who are confident about themselves in their own ways. However, the T-value, as I had understood from the instructions, is to be determined by dividing the height with 'number of s', not 'number of pair of s'. So, you should've divided with 4 instead of 2. Nice job and Good luck!!"The key strengths of this submission are the thoroughness of the works done, balance acquired from the strong base.The highlight of this project is the well-presented  on top.I must work harder to achieve the level I want to achieve. I give it 7.From the whole evaluation process I definitely have learned that I must put in more effort.""Positive: very creative approach - using  de Eiffel as an example.Unique: only 4 s to make up 55 cm.Revision:  laces were used to link the s, which was forbidden in the assignment guidelines.Education: as a feedback provider I could compare my   with the evaluated one, I've figured out that I was not the only one to make several attempts in 10 minutes.""Positive: So many different types of s from 1 person in one  .Unique: Crowned with high heels. Revision: It would be great to see the picture of the card house try. Possibly it could help create a taller  .Education: looking at my own work as a 3rd party as if it was created by someone else.""Positive: really impressive number of s in the . Really cute s to crown the top of the . Haven't seen so many different s in 1 place.Unique: very creative, thorough & comprehensive approach to the assignment.Revision: I believe the   could have been even higher if not so large. Instead the focus could be done on balance to make it stable & taller rather than larger.Education: it was really useful to compare how different people approach the same process, ing several days, re-designing & re-building the app.Just as a common observation: the more time people spend on building their   - the higher their evaluation is both for their personal creativity & their .""I like how tall and solid your  is. It's specially interesting how you asses the level of ""beauty"" - indeed the s are all good liking and polished, like from a store show window! That's also great that you started with understanding your resources, how many s, which are heavier, etc. However, I'm not sure if somebody of  creative profession, like a designer or a writer, would start working on a task with understanding how much paper or which pencils they have (I might be wrong, though..LFor example, I know that the way they worked on book about Harry Potter was quite pragmatic - it all started with a schema, which was sort of a project plan...). I  it all starts with the idea and if you're passionate enough about it, you'll find the resources that you need.What you could have done more, is to experiment withe the construction - the way the  is built (I didn't find in your reflection essay any mention of other ways you tried to build the ...). I also find that you are too strict to yourself, giving just 4 point for almost 1 meter tall ! Which stands! And all made of clean s (I would never score on that last one:)That was great to evaluate your . For me personally, the main discovery is that when there is a goal to be achieved (e.g. tall, stable  ), there are no ""creative"" or "" not-creative"" ways to build it. If the way you built it works (even though, being very conventional), and allows you to achieve the goal, then it's creative enough.  ""You build six s, which is a quick way to learn about the difficulties in this construction exercise. Parallel building give you instant feedback about crucial parameters like the importance of weight and shape of the . I like this parallel approach!I find it interesting you also thought about the colour mix. You explicitly say what 'beautiful' means to you, it means colourful . Also adding that boot on top of it to finish the  is unique :)I have used other evaluation criteria in my submission, ing about reaching the highest T value. Apparently you had one  with a higher T value, but did not choose it because it had a high T value. What I've learned by reading your submission is that youwent through the same ing pattern as me: first ing about possible construction methods, then trying it out, then discovering that other parameters have a big influence on the construction (some of you didn't  about), and then you try several constructions. ""The feedback was detailed and answered to the questions.On an esthetic point of view, the  was very colourfull and good looking (mainly due to its symmetry).However, it could have been a little bit higher because the  looks stable enough.I learned that correlations between subjects are changing depending on the person. This person associated her  with animals and I did not expect that.Regards,Warren""The architecture of the  was well organized. Thinking about building a pyramide was pretty smart.However, maybe to attribute a 10 out of 10 might seems a bit pretentious even if the final result is close to what we  is the perfection.The figures where somewhat a bit over exaggerated because I doubt he really used 1000 s for example.It was interesting to see how creative a student could be to by taking of so much information from an imaginary .Regards,Warren""I turned the meter the wrong way... :-/ Whoops.Based on the other s I've seen now, I'm happy to say that I'm one of the few who tried a lot of different structures, instead of sticking with one single idea ("""" = vertically upward). Most of them may not produce the best results, but it's fun and gives me ideas on how to continue to improve. The last  sticking out is a nice finishing touch I've seen someone else also use so that's good. The  looks ""compressed""/messy, other attempts from other people leave more space between the s, that might have reduced the  usage here. On second thought, I should have used my hiking boots, they are high and extremely stable! If I could restart, I would again start triangulary but continue with one  upward as far as the structure can handle. Another idea I did not came up with is using s vertically to stabilize everything. I would not use it though as it just takes up s and doesn't increase the height at all. ""Reviewing other submissions, gave me the certainty that my way of construction is quite unique. althoug I thought it was obvious, it isn't. I reached high T-value, compared to the two submissions I reviewed.I  I should have benchmarked my submission to evaluate the appeal of it. ""I like how the s are arranged going from darkest to lightest with purple accent in the middle. The top of the  is also nice. I find the way it's build - laying the s in ""triangles"" - non-conventional. Standing  on top looks very appropriate finishing for a .The question I would ask is if it would help to deliver a better result if I were to spend a bit more time trying different ways to build a ? Or choosing other s? Or other colors?It was interesting to see my assignment back again after one week and  through it again, already having seen works of 2 other students. ""Your  looks very impressive. What impressed me even more, is the fact that you kept experimenting and looking for the best technique for the whole hour! I  also liked the choice of s and colors - the sparkling s look very nice:) The way you put s on the sides to keep all the construction straightk is also unique, I didn't  about it.I  you're a bit too critical about yourself, scoring the  at 6. I would give it at least 8. The construction is tall, the construction technique is interesting and the sparkling s at the bottom add it extra points on appearance. What more should it be?:)Looking at what you've built, I learned that some extra time one puts in trying actually pays back!""I like that you have benchmarked the appeal of your  with friends and internet submissions. Great way to have a better evaluation. What I like about your approach and construction is that you tried to get the best out of your limited pair of s. And I wouldn't have thought about a base of a pair of s. I would have tried other ways of constructing the . Put some s into eachother, play with the weight of the s (heaviest at the bottom), ... I'm sure you could have even reached higher heights with more iterations.What I've learned from your submission is that it is worthwhile to benchmark your submission with others to evaluate your .""Very tall structure with so little s, nicely done! You did a good job using flat s as the stable base and gradually going to higher heels. The  looks very funny, in a positive way, especially the last  sticking out to get those few extra centimeters :-) You tried seven times but did not say how many different kinds of structures you tried, so I presume you've stayed with the same basic idea from beginning to end, figuring out stability was needed and that you could leverage everything with the high heeled s? If true, maybe trying something completely different could help you being more creative - even if that something different produces a much worse ""T factor"" - it could give you ideas on how to improve your final .""I really like the fact that you used s vertically to support the structure, that's original! I didn't  of that. I also thought it was smart to use boots to create another layer of s without the loss of stability. That gives you extra height and the possibility to put more s on top of the boots, nice! I also  your plan of attack was very structured and you really thought about how to do this, instead of starting at random, even writing down everything like a real experiment. By doing this, you can very quickly see what can be better, but a downside could be that it might block your creativity a little bit, to try something completely different. I could not see your previous attempts so the 9 for beauty is difficult for me to understand. Based on the picture you've submitted, I love the colors - the combination of orange, red, green and black looks ""refreshing"" :-) As you didn't provide info on your previous attempts, I can't really say if your creativity level could be better. I have the feeling that you have stayed with the same basic idea instead of trying something completely different to create the  but again, I don't know it's just a feeling. I do  that your T value (height to  ratio) is a bit on the low side. ""I like the looks of your  and I  it's creative by starting to build the  using 2 s for stability and then attempting to use less s while still gaining height by accumulating s one by one. You could have simply continued with the 2 s as it would be more stable and easy to do but you chose to do something different. I like the fact that some s you used on the bottom reappeared on top - is this a coincidence or is this on purpose? Either way, easy on the eyes indeed. Maybe you should try to build things more at random to be able to  outside the box. I learned to fail more and try to learn from those sessions, for example I also started with a square style  but changed it into a triangle to reduce the  usage rate. This caused a ""snowball effect of idea's"" as trying one thing leads to having another idea and retrying, and so on. I  the most important aspect of this exercise is having fun while trying (and failing) and not limiting yourself to success ;-) "Interesting. 21 s using and odd number to build the . Good Work. I see you use the Jenga approach to   building. I did  of using the same approach but didnt have enough s. I loved the  because it was mine, what can I say... pure vanity :)I like the way you did your , it's way less complicate than mine was and taller, and you used less s as well!!! I like it! Common sense! That's the first thing I thought when I saw your ! Keep it simple stupid, I wish I'd come up with a concept like it! well done!!!Liked a lot your design, you could have described a little bit more, but that's fine. Good job!"Very nice !I liked how you've used that boot to make a second floor for the last s to stand on top of it!Have you tried any other approachs? Was this the only model you tried? It's important to always try new things!Please keep your submissions in English. Luckly I'm also latin (from brazil) and I can understand spanish, barely.Anyway it is a good  indeed. Keep focusing on the creative process.""Well, my  is fine, I didn't mentioned the modularity i've created for it. s it could grow more with stability, but I ran out of s.I'm a lazy person for not trying enough. but I did try it a long time. Maybe I just didn't  it would take so much time doing a  .""Make your statements clear and rich is important, and you do it very well. I felt like you really enjoyed the activity at all.I did like to see how even after a successful result you tried make it again and how many different approaches you tried. The R2-D2 thing was genial and probably the one of highest level of creative that anyone put in those submissions.At the end just miss the real T value of your .Definitely I was motivated to enjoy more the activity and get more about it. Maybe I did some poor reflection about the activity at all, and you fix this for the next."Checking others students tasks I realized that everybody had a different vision about the task and it's very interesting, they gave us the  same exercise and nobody did it the same way, and thats a genuine signal of how creativity is the human being"Positive: height, quantity and diversity of s, "" dressy s"" :)Unique: made 8 revisions, which helped the student to understand enough numbers of s  she'd have for building the .  These number of s  let the student to build the colorful  . Revision: In my opinion, everything is good. I will add just one remark: would have spent a bit more time for doing this task. It would have helped to find in yourself more creativity and new fresh ideas. Anyway, I liked your   so much, thanks.Education: for my personally - I had to see the   in my head,no photos.  It was more tricky  than a previous task (I looked at photo). It made me imagining the  , read the description  scrupulously and ever made notes and drew.   I strongly believe that  everyone looks at  the   in a different way, which makes the   really unique. ""Nice idea. It was ifferent from mine.I liked the way you setup the top pair to built a higher .""The structure for my  was very well done, and it would probably be able to go a couple more stories up if it wasnt for the limit in s. It was unique in the sense that I slipped s into each other making it a very clean and robust structure. For the main part my worries were more in the T formula than in being a nice looking , maybe for the next assignments I should look for other ways of making it beautiful (example of a nice looking background and floor). I am still reflecting on this, but I believe that my creativity is based on structure.""Your  is pretty good. It accomplished the objective with efficiency. You made it with just a few s and achieved a quite big height, and with that a great T value. How you said: less is more, and I  creativity may lie on the simplest things.I don't know how firm is this , but maybe you could put another similar  on top of this one, or maybe extend the central part of it. But you should analyse the cost benefit of it. If the heigh you may gain would be compensated by the number of s.I  you did a great job with a lot of competency and efficiency. And knowing that less can be more is a very important principle. Good job! "I give me 7. After evaluating my colleagues I found out that I could make a more stylish  in terms of shape. On the other hand I  that it was very creative when I chose just formal colours and boots on the top.I  both s came out great considering construction, creativity and esthetics. You built your (s) with care and flair, I just love the  styles. As a "critical friend" I would suggest you improve the presentation: the  would have a stronger impact on the viewer if the image was sharper and against a plain wall background. "First, sorry for my poor English. The strength of the submission is the auto critical of the author, I like a lot the sincerity and the efforts to make the  with so little s. Wow, we have a ideal form to taller s structures. The point who I  who is unique is the painting behind the scene. Well, if you wash a little the s your  stay beautiful. Your work, the write part, is the best tool for my learning, I wish I did a great text like that. ""POSITIVE: You managed to use a lot of s! You asked your friends for feedback, which is always good to have an external evaluationUNIQUE: I am curious to see your pile. I understand that you could not take a picture, but why not try to draw or to describe in more detail?REVISION: Next time, try to overcome a lack of resources (such as unable to take a picture!) with other ideas that help others better understand your creative process or product (for example a drawing or a more detailed description).EDUCATION: There is always a way to communicate concerns and to help people imptove their work, that's an important value added by external evaluation or feedback.""Interesting idea. I liked how you tried and verified the weaknesses of your  and tried to improve it. Very colourful and seems to be quite stable.I  you may suffered with a lack of hard s, which could be put with an angle of 90 degrees and could give of much more significant height with few s. But great job anyway! Keep on track!  ""Hi dear colleague,First, I would like to apologize for my EnglishPOSITIVE: You submitted 3 trials, with an ""bonus"" information under each photo. It seems to me that you were very interested in the exercise. You reached 80cm - a good mark - with your  #2. I  it was well constructed, and in the universe of show , it was esthetically OK. UNIQUE: Among the submissions, yours distinguished the others because you put in the same submission 3 trials, with data from each . It was a kind of ""scientific"" approach. I found interesting that you posted your imperfect s.REVISION: My revision comment is one that applies to me. We thought inside the box - maybe in other situation it would be useful to thin OUTSIDE the box and explore que concept in other ways. Just check out in the chat: some guys made real amazing "" constructions"".EDUCATION: With your submission I`ve learned to be more careful with the information delivered, and put some additional information in order to better understand the creative process.Thank you.You colleague revisor.   ""Firstly, focus searched only and not in the time frame. Maybe if I had thought of a better structure my  could have stayed longer. I believe that I tried to fulfill what has been proposed, using the tools I had at hand. Maybe if I had some more s, could do it better. It was extremely interesting and educational to build this  because I could reflect how complicated it can be to build even the simplest things."I got very happy with your . It is clean and beautiful. Congrats. I give you 8. Very good job. I believe you also analyzed the formula and realized that the most important were not the  height, but the formula result. Liked a lot that you really grade yourself, not that gave a 10, looking foward to see your 9 at the end of the courseGood job ! It seems a funny  because with this height you should have a hard work ... mine had only 35 cm and seemed more a pyramid but yours is a genuine  ! May be in the next time post the picture from side view because in this picture we do not see how tall it is.You were creative to put s on feet, one inside the other to achieve a high . I found interesting your idea put four s in the cross, gave me the idea that a  must have a solid foundation to support the entire structure. You should have tried to build the  without threads to hold the s. The fact that you have modified four times the  makes me  that to achieve meaningful results it is important to have persistence. Congratulations.Good but could be better. The only thing that I thought interesting is that you fit the s each other in addition you could use more s and other structure, would be better to gain height. All though I learned about a point of view to other person and I improved my skills to .First of all congrats for trying. I believe the only way to produce a result is doing. I got confused why you posted two s instead of one. I also realized that you did the traditional build of , crossing s or only placing one above the other. I also was not able to get your formula result, so that you just informed the number of s, when the requested was the  height / number of s. Any way keep pushing and I would encourage you to analyze the rule or the problem before executing it. At least from my point of view, the formula was the priceless hint. My rate to you is 5."POSITIVE: You had yourself a try! That is the first step to allow your creativity to flow. You overcome difficulties, for example, the language problem. You are not a native English speaker but you could communicate your intent!UNIQUE: You have been very honest with yourself and maybe a bit too critical or severe with your evaluation. When you write: ""I  myself as severely lacking of art cells from my very young"" does it mean you  you are not creative? If so, I encourage you to  in the ooposite way, as we are learning that we are all creative, but we express our creativity in different ways.  REVISION: I feel that you could have tried more time with this exercise. Remmember that the more you try, more you get a chance to engage yourself with the task and arrive to more unusual ideas. Next time, be patience with yourself, give permission to trial and error...after some ""failure"" ideas will start to flow.EDUCATION: I like the PURE Approach of giving feedback. It is similar to PPCO (Pluse, potencials, concerns and overcome concerns) model, but it is even more simple! ""Nice job, besides your  is very high it looks like very stable. The golden ones on the top of it gave an special final touch.Each attempts you was able to make it higher by reviewing your project and your creative build process.I agree that your  has a random beauty like our natural environment, for example, the random growth of trees leaf, it looks like a messy but the tree's beauty takes place in its messy leafs. So I  you deserve a higher grade on beauty's scale.The message I've got from your work, never give up and you always can make it better. Congratulations.""I was happy to know that you took some of your holiday time to do the exercise.I know that was not your entire choice, but i liked the brown-blue-grey scheme. I liked the top of your , you took advantage of the  sole to compose something strong.You could try not to show the  soles, only if they were pretty, and try to let the base more symmetric/organized (but remember that the top was not symmetric, but it was something good).As a feedback provider, I learned that something you  is not good could be good, if you see it with other eyes, and you could learn to enjoy it.I hope you liked my feedback, and I wish that you keep trying improve yourself.Good luck!"Well i  that my colleagues have a harder work than me because a i did it once .. and not exactly a  ...it seemed more like a pyramid.  May be in the next time i will to do exercises in a different way and describe more what i have done because i did not put almost nothing to describe my  too."Congrats, you were able to build a   with a simple architecture, simple base, and it worked. You say you dont like your s but you made a robust  with them !I  the type of s you have has been important in building a stable .I have made several attemps and seen some other   and I wonder if you have measured your  in feet and made some error in converting to cm. Seems a lots as per the picture and number of levels.Your  is an example that with a single base of two s it is possible to build a stable . It depends on how you put the s but also on the type of s."i liked it to much ! It is very beautiful and the sandal in the top was a "grand finale" !!  Well done! Your  is really beautiful and your photo is very creative! I found very interesting that you put just one pair of s per level and it gave the  a wonderful shape! It is also more challenging once it is more difficult to get balance. I have no suggestions. I learnt that I could have  about constructing a more stylish  as you have done! Thank you for inspiring me!  "Hi friend,First of all, I would like to apologize for my English.POSITIVE: This was an original submission, like no other I have seen. During the submission time I saw many different s, but none like yours. Some s played with words; you submitted a complete story, with beggining, action and end.UNIQUE: Your story was complex, with a complete narrative. It was very interesting because you surpassed concrete limitations of your social and cultural context.REVISION: To achieve a higher grade, I  you don`t need to apologize too much about your limitations - as you did in the submission. I  it is a open exercise, and that you done well. Your story is cool, and ""speaks itself"". It would be great if in the next opportunity you send a picture, a drawing of your .EDUCATION: I learned - once again - to  outside the box. I constructed a conventional ; during submissions, I saw many creative ways to construct it. In few last days, people were creative, and sent s constructed with pictures of s, words, etc. And today, I met you and your , made with imagination. Thank you.You colleague revisor.""Hi,On your first attempt you made the   ing about how it would be sustained without falling. And you worked it! Congratulations! Even with a few s in your home, seems to have forgotten to work the colors of your . You should make the next exercises in two stages: Test 1 and after day Test 2 to mature the idea. The process ripening will help you improve the end result.Good Luck and Enjoy this course!"The positive thing about my work is the number of s and the mix of colors and I  the unique characteristic is the short time to make a  with so many s and like it. For a best exercise I recommend a photo, is hard to believe only in the description and I learn a lot about how the most simple thing in your life can  be transformed into something beautiful. "First, sorry for my poor english. Wow, the form of the  is cool! The mix of s, boots and slippers is amazing and unique. My critique is, where the other boot? Haha. I learn a lot about the use of divergent ing (is that the term?), in my  the slippers would be a great help.  "Very good exercise, with a interesting and full description of methodology and results. I desire you good luck in this course and keep up with the excelent job!"POSITIVE: You used different kinds of s and took profit of their differetn qualities. You had an idea or a plan that inspired and guided you (Eiffel ). Your drawing showing the structure of your  helps the audience to undertand the strucuture and the different materials you used.UNIQUE: What I found most interesting is that you recreated the Eiffel  using s. You were inspired by perhaps the most well know  and reformulate it aesthetically using s!REVISION: Your submission is very comprhensive and complete. My only suggestion for you is to show your ""product"" to someone else and get an extra feedback to compare or contrast with your subjective judgment!EDUCATION: Feedback is a gift, so we need to be polite and straight to the point!""1.Positive: The    was built qualitatively. In spite of  using 3 s, the power is tall, strong, stable. 2. Unique: the   reflects the character of builder. Obviously, the   was built by man with a  simple, friendly, self - reliant,  who likes sport, walkinkg. 3. Revision: as the   has a simple  construre (used just 3 s), I suggest adding more s. My main idea is not to be afraid of dropping  , try to build new and diffent s, then to choose one  which would be interesting, creativity for yourself and others. You should feel the right   by your heart. 4. I liked so much this task, thanks. It was educated me to  more about  . It means, to be honest, firstly I'd though  that my   was unique and beautiful.  During  doing that task, I have found more positive and beautiful than ever I expected. My own  conclusion is necessary to remain open to the World, to others, try to find possitive and advantages in other projects, to kill yours ego and be more open minded person. ""To be able to  outside the box, I had two days to mature the idea and I saw the people's work in the Forum. The result was great, worked shapes and colors, unable to make higher than the first . But, I failed in my   upright. It was 60cm with 50 s.""Assuming that the activity requested to build  the tallest free standing  you could, I did enjoy seeing how your first step was ing about how to make the  stable but not do it higher, yet. I glad for T value of seven.I found the submission a little empty, you could explain thing in more detail in some questions, but was not a poor one. And who says dirty isn't beautiful? Maybe the grass add some colors and nature for your .Seeing you submission I notice that I caught a little heavy on evaluate myself and my work for respond the question of the Reflection Submission."Well done! You have constructed a beautiful ! I  your idea of creating a  that reminds us a tree was really creative! Petals, roots and style! I have no suggestions! Seeing your  I thought that I could have made by myself  a more beautiful and colourful ."I believe that the student fled rather than focus has been proposed. At first, the  has 20 cm. Is flat. Could have built a much larger using the same s. Aesthetically, it was nice.""Hey, great , and great synthesys of our first week!Your  is very interesting. I really don't know how you achieved to place those 2 black s standing like that. From that angle it almost seems like they're cornered to that wooden plank.Dany Devito`s high is a great  height. Mine was half of that. I know you're very focused on  height.  But, hey, maybe you can also shift gears and aim for a more stylish one. See what you can acomplish in that area too. That's also good for background incubation. A technique you're familiar, I .Offtopic, I had fun reading your text, I guess you're a writer or something right? Keep it up.""Positive: was used a plenty of different kind of s. Stronge, tall and  unusual   with flowers. Unique: a small story about   has been written interesting. The story describes the main idea of  . In my opinion that story could be used as a sport advertising  for women. 3. Revision: didn't write anything  about number of revisions. The student spent not enough time to do the job better, it means   wasn't shown to others on the discussions forum. Also sometimes, the student didn't answer the questions, where it was necessary to answer or answered the questions on the different graphs. My suggesting is the next time to spend more time on your work, including the use of discussing forum, which can help you in the future to work in a team. To addition to this would be better if you read carefully  the task and answer the questions in the correct form. Education:  As i provided feedback on my work, was tricky to find cons. Hower, it helped me a lot. I could look at my work on the other side, found disadvantages. Thank you so much for a great experience. "Congratulations I thought interesting the idea of compare the  structure with a tree, though You didn't care so much with the T scale, I suppose to you try to change some physical aspects to improve it. Therefore I could   how is important a good base for everything in life to keep standing, and keep growing."Congratulations on finishing your first assignment for the course, the fact that you did this exercise shows that you are interested and commited to learning CIC.I found very interesting the fact that you used a small amount of s for your , did you have limited resources or did you choose to do it this way because of the T formula?Since you did not take a picture of your , it would be very helpful if you could make a more descriptive text for your next assignment, I do not have the slightest idea of what your  turned up to be.Simple sometimes is good, I hope you had as much fun ing about and making your  as I did!""I like your  very much, like you said, even though we were not allowed to use other materials to build the  the idea to use a nice floor and background boxes are a plus for the aesthetic part of the work. I also found it unique in the fact that it was not ordered, it looks like a very organized mess that in the end worked out very well for the T formula. I have one questions, wouldnt your  have a higher T if you removed the  to the right, it appears to not have a structural purpose and so you would have a smaller denominator if you had not used this . You have showed me that even though we had limited amount of resources for the homework it is possible to  out of the box, I will use your work as reference for our next assignment!""Nice idea. It was ifferent from mine.Good ratio too.""Hard to evaluate but seems good once it reached 94cms with 18 s."I liked the variety and types of s, specially the red on top. I too at first tried for a solid foundation, but after a while realized that the challenge was to achieve the highest  possible, so my final base had only a study sneaker - I  you could have reached the same height with less s. We do learn from each other and it is great seeing all different aproaches to this problem. I  that this was a very technical and well built ! The approach used to build was very close to mine!Well done !! I liked it because you mixed female and male s  and use high heel s in many places. A suggestion to your next  is to use more colorful s to make it funnier.   When I built my  of s, I did not  about putting them in the way you put it, standing. Therefore, for me, the possitiva approach and exceptional approach your , was you put the s on standing with nothing that could hold them-for example, a thread. You tried only once with few s, would have been interesting to conduct further trials with more s. You were creative, took a job with only three s and achieved a high . His work made me  that the simplicity of a project can bring good results.Congratulations!"Good job ! Your  seems high ( even more than the heigh you mention ) and I like your style, with the four big s at the base.You have found a different architecture than the ones I have seen until now ( pyramide or single  ). You have a good T number !You could have used more colors on your , it is a little sad one.Interesting thing of your work is that you have different type of  base, not pyramide, not single . Maybe this is creativity, you could have rate yourself better.""Hi,Your   is Lovely! Congratulations!  You didn't forget to work the colors of your . Good Luck and Enjoy this course!""My  is much higer than those I evaluated.Otherwise the ""metric"" I got is much less, due to the tough base of my .""SELF-EVALUATIONPOSITIVE: I  this   was acceptable from aesthetic standpoint, in comparision with other  s. It achieved a nice height too.UNIQUE: Maybe one little and original aspect that my  had was its base, that was constructed in is base exploring the asymmetry of the  (sole up - sole down).REVISION: In future exercises, I should bear in mind that is good to  outside the box. My approach was correct, but I could explore other ways to work with the concept of , and to explore other unconventional ways to construct the .EDUCATION: With this self-evaluation, I learned that this critical step - this TIME OUT - in a situation of previous contact with others exercises is enriching. I learned this interesting way to give feedback that is the PURE approach. One remark: I`ve noticed that in thePURE approach there is no suppressive item, no negative point marker. Maybe because in the creative process we should not abort the birth of an idea. I must attend that: its a negative habit that I have.""Firstly, I found a very creative idea of using galoshes for cosntruir the , however, believe that the student has not focused much on the idea of time, but in design. I  the two s placed between the wellies were unnecessary to the structure. Anyway, it was a beautiful job""POSITIVE: I had many trial and errors until I got a final prototype. As I learned today I used my divergent ing to find different ways to build a HAVAIANA . I also used my convergent ing when I got to decide into a way to fit the flipflops and build the . I also start a new divergent cycle trying to come up with ideas to perfect the final prototype.UNIQUE: I like the blend, the harmony and the combination I got among resources (Havaianas), enviroment (Beach), and product (Havaiana Beach ).REVISION: I could have shown more tenacity trying to overcome one of the obstacles I had: the strong wind blowing from the sea to the beach. Why didnt't i search for a spot in the beach with less wind? like behind a cocunut tree?EDUCATION: I enjoyed very much this assigment, specially having the chance to see other colleagues work and giving feedback to somone I do not know personally, but that have similar motivations and objectives."Not sure but I cant see the pic. Very detailed description and good overall result.  was done with method and reached a good size with a good number of s.Very good! Don't have any aditional comments to do, unless to keep up with the good job.The description of her  was very good although i would rather see the picture of it ! But I really  she probably did a great job and maybe because she evaluate herself with a lot of confidence!  That's definitely something I have to learn!I like very much your exercise, specially how your  looks like. I  it's beautiful. I  you should have discuss more the way you decide to construct your  on that specific model (do you  before starting, do any previsou test?). This was something your exercise missed. I also fell frustrated from our description of being tired to tried. I thikn you should have tried it again in order to do a really good job."Hi,On your first attempt you made the   ing about how it would be sustained without falling. And you worked it! Congratulations! Even with a few s in your home, seems to have forgotten to work the colors of your . You should make the next exercises in two stages: Test 1 and after day Test 2 to mature the idea. The process ripening will help you improve the end result.Good Luck and Enjoy this course!""Good structure which reached a high height. The interesting is a  base in form of square which provided a good balance. This activity showed me that sometimes you want be the better, but is not easy how everybody , to become better you need to have experience, resources and willpower, therefore attempts are a part important of create process.""I found interesting that you tried to make a geometric form. I liked the top of the , the position that you put the last pair, but, at the same time that I liked it, I  that the sole of the  wasn't pretty enough to be showed.I liked the scheme of colors, pink and blue.You could try to point the sole of the sneakers to inside the , in a way that we couldn't see they, and make the  more pretty; and try to make, the base, more pretty.As a feedback provider, I learned that something you  is not good could be good, if you see it with other eyes, and you could learn to enjoy it.I hope you liked my feedback, and I wish that you keep trying improve yourself.Good luck! ^_^""Well, first of all , congratulations on the height of your  . In addition, it seems that your   was very stable, because you used the same  type to create the base of it. Unfortunately I couldn't see your  , but I believe you made a great one. To finish, I appreciate your wish which is to sublime your creative skills. So, go for it! I would give you a 9. "Firstly, congratulations on your  , because although you didn't have many s to make it, you could achieve your objective. I really appreciate your sincere self evaluation  when you gave yourself a 5, but may be you've been very tough with yourself. All in all, it seems to be a very nice exercise to enhance your creativity. I would give you 8."Great  ! You have reached a quite high result and what I like in your  is that it is colored, something I was not able to do due to few choice of colors I had with our house s.You have done the base starting like a pyramide and then more similar to a  building. Pyramide is something I had experimented but I dont have such number o s to build suficiently high . It is a good technical solution but you need many pair of s to build a very high . But sure it is more stable.I cant wait to see other s to verify if someone was able to find the higher T number with the higher  !Thank you and good job !"I  I made a pretty , I could try to improve the base, to look better (but I know that was hard, maybe a different way?). I tried to show only the best parts of the s, and make a scheme of colors, this way I improved the beauty, but I limited the things I could do to make the highest ."Nice job, besides your  is very high it looks like very stable, topped with a clown like slipper implied a bit of eccentricity to the overall appeal, doesn't it?Each attempts you was able to make it higher, and as you wrote ""you knew you had to do more"" and you've got it.I agree that your  has a random beauty like our natural environment, for example, the random growth of trees leaf, it looks like a messy but the tree's beauty takes place in its messy leafs.The clown on the top was really funny and eccentric, but it was more eccentric if you put the other clown pair in somewhere visible inside the  or in the bottom of it.The message I've got from your work, never give up and you always can make it better. Congratulations. "As I mentioned above, I believe I did a very good job. I tried twice to have my final . One of the points that I also figured out was the formula and I realized that the height would important less than the real result. I give rate 8 for me.I  the design was simple and effective - maybe with a few more tries something more challenging in the creative and  interesting field will come up. It was fun!Great idea! It is a pity that you didn't have enough s because the structure has great potential.I have to see this! Fix your camera! 323 s! Must be amazing! I used only 9! Fixing 323 must be so much hard work... It is impressive how you handled it all - with the planning and execution... I really, really am sorry I can't see this... Here is the "critical friend" - fix your camera! or use someonce phone and send the picture to your mail or something... ! Such effort is worth seeing by others.  It seems you put quite a thought and time in this and you seemed to had also a lot of fun doing it... so it's great... I really wish I could see this... put it in the forum at least when you fix your camera... What I learned from you is ... maybe I could try sometimes and get out of my own way of doing things and try to plan and sketch them... (I ususally only see them in my mind)... All the best...Well done! Next time  of how to  place the s vertically ;-)In the picture seem like 20 s... Great job with the ballance. It is hard to achive such with so many s and it looks like you put a lot of effort. I envy you for the s :)... it looks really nice with all being new... you should try playing with colors or if you had more of those (as I suppose you did) you should try with big base or double base going into one at the top... can become a massive structure... I  for the score you have to devide 83cm/20 s, not the pairs number... but in your case I wouldn't care for the score... If I have so many new s I would try to ballance as much as possible in one massive structure and play with colors cause you have no limit (I don't have this at home:( ) So many you can use and it can get really great...   What I learned is that if you are patient with this type of structure it can go well - when I tried such at home wasn't very patient with fixing the s in square and didn't like my result...All looks compact and stable, thoughtfully placed... I like the top where you do single s one on one... It is very hard to fix the right ballance so I envy you for that job...  I like the top also because you break the square shape there and place s in different direcions... You should try building the same structure but twisting it around itself... with the balance you did with this one I am sure you will not have difficulties ballancing a twisted one...;) intresting what the result will be... What I learned is I need to be patient when building this type of structure - when I tried I just piled the s really quick and didn't like it but I didn't take the time to fix them to look better...I really like it! It is a pitty the pictures are not very good quality... The structure is great... You should have taken some different angle shots because I  it is interesting to see how you fixed it... I really want to see how you did the black once on top from the second picture... I find your structures very interesting and inspiring new ideas.I like the way you find different supports. I don't  I have words of a "critical friend" because I really like what you did and mostly I am ing about what else you can come up with rather than ing of "critics". I learned from you I need to experiment more with side supports and different approach to the structure... Great experience... thanks... I wonder what you will come up with only having sandals... I find them hardest to support in a vertical structure...You have done great! I personally like to combination of horizontal and vertical s."That's a really nice, beautiful and strong structure. I like very much the idea of including your kid , like a family . I was ing that you can use some more taller s to improve the T value. I've learned how we can build a strong structure, to look beautiful and sweet :) Thank you!Marta Stoilova"Well done! Very clever!i personally liked the small child  on the top :-)"Wow, It's a very good , how did you manage to make it stand? I'm impressed also how fast you have managed to build the  with very few attempts. I appreciate also that you made a survey for the personal assession of the . I liked your idea with the colors, I haven't thought about it. As a suggestion for improvement I'm only having in mind my idea to use  s to make it higher.I will keep for myself your ""style of stability. Thank you."Well done! Just  a little bit more about the design issues next time :-)The best ever! Highest score up to now!I'm proud of myself!Good shape... Interesting approach... I like the silhouette... You should not write your name on your work! It seems to be anonymous so all can be objective... So be careful next time when submitting! Try more with twisting the s in different directions and finding new approach to building a structure... New approach will give you new ideas... I  you did the best in the cirustances.. it is pitty you didn't have more s and nobody borrowed you... It is tricky with big s... because you  it will be easy to balance and make big structure.. but really it is not... so great job... you could have some fun with positioning them in different directions to find symmetry or try to make the look like in "walking mode". I hope you try again when you have more s... it can be really fun... I did my best  just before I went to work (crazy week!) and it changed my mood from tired and grumpy to joyful and inspired...  I learned from this I don't always need to worry for having all the "resources" in order to participate in something good... thanks for the 'kick' ;)Lots of colour and a nice variety of s. Like the balancing black high s, but it's hard to see and thus appreciate it. This student has demonstrated perseverance and determination as evidenced in the 5 attempts made. Logic and efficiency is also demonstrated by the way the student has placed and positioned the s (alternate inversion) . This, combined with common sense was also what was unique about structure and design. Going forward, I'd encourage the student to less critical of himself/herself (see student submission notes about how beautiful the  is). There is a certain beauty to the minimalist approach employed in the  built and that is certainly something to be proud of. That reflection may spark further questions and/or improvements. I would also encourage attention to detail, in terms of better understanding the questions asked. Overall though, the student has done well in this submission and has and impressive spirit. While my own experience from this grading session was more of a reinforcement of the positive human traits of perseverance, it also compelled me to reflect, analyse and certainly a different and entirely valid approach to building a   !"Positive:   Strong looking .  I like the choice of colors (his and hers) alternating after he attempted to initiate the project with his s first..  Unique: The descriptive words used to describe the process he went thorough were masculine (strength, tough and reward).Revision:  None to mention, great job, the  reflects the creative personality.Education:  The fact the architect constructed this  with a purpose and the s lay like blocks, suggests he is not partial to lose constructions (which is an innovative style). Whispering, the words were hidden in another language, ""he was not happy with his work"" and considering the determination (number of attempts) may suggest he falls into the Adaptive creativity style.  I also learned T-scores get higher when you use large size footwear.""I am quite pleased with myself for coming up with a T-value of 40...which obviously required a liberal definition of the word '' since I used a winter boot.  I also had a lot of fun with writing my reflections on my submission.  At face-value, my -s are not artistic or beautiful at all, but a lot of things are like that in life and sometimes artistic beauty emerges only after someone has learned to capture it...photographers do this all the time by taking a picture of a leaf in a pond or a rusted car in a field.  In my case, while  simply trying to add some humour and have fun with writing my submission, I  I inadvertently added some artistic beauty to the pictures of my -s, especially when I drew the analogy to the bristle-cone pine (no idea as to where the hell that idea came from, but I like it).One thing I took away from this exercise is that I likely prefer to use my creative genius in a pragmatic way, rather than creating subjective works of art.  Going forward, though, I  I should brave the waters and try to explore artistry and what it means...it's a deep philosophical question and this is a perfect forum to explore it.Really looking forward to the rest of the course!"Lower T score than both other students evaluated. Need vision."I like how you spent time to consider the colour and design of s that you used in your s, particularly the s on top.  Your s are very visually-pleasing, unlike the ones I created.  It's also amazing to see how well-balanced the top part of your  is...I wasn't able to balance more than 4 s on top of each other without my  falling.  Finally, it was interesting to see some of the other design elements you subtly incorporated, such as the bags at the base which seem to cover up a less attractive pile of s that supports the more attractive part of your .  I also like the second photo where you shot it in front of the light curtain; it complements the design of your  and the s you decided to use.How much effort did you put into maximizing the t-value of your ?  Were you more interested in the beauty and artistic nature of your ?  Did you realize in this exercise that fewer s leads to a higher t-value?  If just one of your s stands 4cm tall then you would have achieved a higher value by simply using one  (I spent more time trying to get a higher t-value than creating a work of art...my s were unimpressive to look at).One of the things I learned from your submission is that the s people decide to use in this exercise portrays an image of the person who built the  to the person who is looking at the .  Looking at your , I would say that you are a stylish, lean, attractive, young woman, which is interesting because you could very well be a 300-pound male who likes to wear sweat pants and tie-dyed t-shirts with a fetish for collecting high-heel s - not that there would be anything wrong with that, but it's certainly not the image of you that your  conveys to me.Your s are also convincing me that there are going to be a lot of people in this class that are either creative in a very artistic sense, or in a pragmatic problem-solving sense, with perhaps very few people who are creative in both ways.It was interesting reviewing your work.  Good job!"Great, you tried a few different  approaches before settling on your chosen design.  Its difficult to imagine your  stand without a picture but it sounds interesting.  One of the instructions was to use s, though I have seen a few others using a boot or two for stabilization.  All and all a good effort."First, I open my mind and explore new approach to build a  . I could build it by myself, alone in my apartment, but i decided to share it with the kids of my neighborhood. What's different from the other participants is that I when out to build it! And that I didn't touch the s, after all. But' I know, I didn't explore my own ingeniosity to build it, nor used my own s!What I learn from this experience, is that it's funnier to do it in a team, especially with lots of different kind of personality. It gave me other kind of ideas for the next workshops and games.""Positive:  I like the fact the  was not straight but had shape.  Unique:  The the first thought illustrated Innovation but the second suggested compliance and conformity.  Interesting how the s in the  were all similar in width, size and color except the nice pair of light beige in the middle, it draws your eye to the center of the structure.   Revision:  I would not make any changes as it does reflect my creative style that preferring a lose structure.  Education:  I was aware that a persons preference of attire can reflected their personality type but I never thought the work they performed could reflect their creative style preference.   Interesting that the other two submissions that I provided feedback for rated themselves highly as being creative whereas as I rated myself as a 5 considering we all used the same technique I felt the task reveled everyone's Adaptive creative side especially regarding Concern for Paradigm/Structure and Continuous Improvement & Problem Solving.  I also now realize a lot of my ing is unconscious as it was not articulated as well as the other two peer assessments I completed.  I felt it was a second thought and I just did it which could indicates I do a lot of unconscious ing.  "You had a vision for your  which is great.  Using only 7 s to achieve that height is an accomplishment."Congratulations to Mt Heal -maker ;)I must say that I actually enjoyed reading your submission because I was one of those skeptical ones wondering why we are doing this exercise.   I believe that creativity depends on the medium/environment as not everything will make you tick.You explained your different approaches clearly and your final submission definitely had a creative streak in it.  It's not all about how tall it is but what does it look like and the sacrifice in your case was worth it.  You also solicited your niece as a key advisor which is crucial because kids don't have the inhibitions that adults have.I would suggest indicating what possible goal you might have (in terms of time and objective) as suggested in the last question so that you have some form of metric to measure your success.What is interesting about how we rate our own work is that studies show that people tend to have a certain attachment to something that they spent time on because you own it.  It wasn't obvious doing something with s as in the corporate world, they make you build s to demonstrate the importance of team work.  I never liked those exercises.But at least you had a theme associated with your creation.  If you open an art gallery, make sure you invite me.....assuming you serve red wine :)""Loved the pops of color in the .I thought it was exceedingly unique the way you stacked the s...seemed so balanced. You could have increased the height a bit more if you tried to place s erect as well.It is wonderful to note that a lot of detail went into making this . Well done.""Appreciate your effort in beautifying your  by putting more appealing s by the side. Just my suggestion, I  you can put the sandals and more 'bendable' s to the top and heavier s at the bottom to form a more stable base using the same amount of s. Perhaps you could also form a pyramid with flip flops at the top so that it's higher and lighter.Lastly, would be better if you could rotate the picture to the right. One click won't harm. :) "A very good submission using limited number of s. I  giving it 10 may be a little too generous."I  you did an excellent job of this exercise and it would have been nice to see a picture of the final product too. what I found interesting what the level of thought you did to develop a technical solution to the this problem. what would have added to this solution is understanding the impact of conceiving and them building this  had on you and the though process.What I learned from this exercise is the importance of defining the problem clearly and concisely, know what are the constraints, what is the desired outcomes and why, and what does success look like in the end - in other words the importance of a creative process."I liked the artistic use of the arms and the solid look of the cairn column. I also like that I used heavy, flatter s at the bottom and saved the heaviest, bulky s for the top above the arms. I liked the story the show  was based on. It was not just a  but a conversation piece. I might have gotten a higher  if I formed the s into a triangular frame rather than a solid cairn. I could also have stuck toe boxes into throats to create a more aesthetic . I learned that every creation has  story to it; that trial and error does not just improve structure, it also deepens learning and history.I like the white s on top, it adds a beautiful flavor to your .  the T score was great. Positive - I feel I captured within my exercise strong engineering principles, color, aesthetics, some creativity, abstraction and utilization of available materials.  In the process I moved away from just the exercise of building a   for a moment and thought of what I and the s have accomplished.  This gave me a new perspective and some ideas such as adding the one/half marathon medal and sandals.  Around these personal thoughts I got more involved.  I had a greater stake.  The exercise had more meaning which brought improved enthusiasm resulting in an opportunity for additional creativity and aesthetics.  I had a strong T number within the framework of using only s. My value for the metric was 72.64cm/7 = T = 10.38cm.  Uniqueness - The above additional elements with their various abstractions and added meanings as well as the painting which I included as part of the overall display was a reflection and representation of my travels [with my s] to Italy and the beautiful west coast where I presently live.  Revision - Perhaps with greater time I could have added more to the exercise.  Education - Look for meaning outside of the obvious.  Become part of the reality, the abstraction, the logic, the continuum.  Have fun.  Strive for the different, move it all towards your uniqueness.  Stretch for creativity."I like your approach. First, you let the next  guiding you in the building of the , when it felt, you collect all the available s then select the biggest one for the base. Then, you adjust your approach by adding vertically the next s to increase strength of your . You let yourself inspired by the material. Why haven't you trying to make it as beautiful as you wanted and forget about the T-value? You talk often about it, you seem sensitive to the aesthetics of the object.I like that you finish your evaluation on your creativity by saying that you intent to give it more tries. I  I'll do it after the CIC, just to see how my mind has evolve during the program.""I believe that for the time and effort that I put into CREATING my '-' could not compare with my CREATIVE MIND that ""produced"" my VISION. This VISION enabled the 'building of -' in the shortest and most effective manner. For a T-value of 10.1666, I  (sometimes, I do) ... I have a decently creative-mind ... When it 'gets into action'!"This is a neat   with reasonably high T value, if that's an important criteria to evaluate the submission. And you are very good at details and operation. Although you claimed that you easily get bored, but giving each attempt a 30-minute work is still amazing. You've got enough patience in it and I can see the passion! You use simple and fewer s to reach a "lean and high"  as targeted. Good job. It's good to include some highlight color in the . Yes, it'd be better if you could try more "out-of-box" ing to make some revolutionary shapes of the . It'd be a good idea if you could name the  to give it a real meaning and explore your imagination. Overall you are very good at operation and being persistent.I also felt that this assignment was useless in its content (what could be the purpose of stacking up old s). So I used it as an academic homework and tried to learn from the process. So in my view, as you already put thoughts, energy and trials to find solutions to this challenge, considering the different constraints, you already engaged in a creative process. Unfortunately, I couldn't access the photo of your  : I would have like to see the interplay of colors (as you describe it) which seems quite unconventional.The submission is concise and specific in its description as evidenced by the notes in the first box, listing the number of s employed and the precise height attained. This is also reflected in the next 3 submission notes. Well done ! This strength might also be considered as an area to be improved on. For example, in Submission Note 1 & 2, considering the absence of a picture, additional detail on the type, colour and structural layout would have greatly aided and improved the mental image formed. I would also encourage better comprehension of questions asked as evidenced by the absence of a metric in Q3 and a minimal response in Q4. With that said, I commend the undertaking and completion of this task, and congratulate achieving the beauty of the   (based on feedback received) ! Nicely done ! For my own part, this was an especially challenging review, given the lack of a picture. However this was also a learning experience as it compelled me to improve my visualization (8 pairs of s equalling 86 cm must have involved some very precise placement) which in turned sparked my own thought track.Your   is visually interesting as it resembles a . I thought of it as either the Leaning  of Pisa or the Eifel . Both structures are interesting. The colour choices of the s were interesting; most were black with red and then there was pops of blue and white for some contrast. Visually I prefer to see the front of things even though the back is as important; so, what I would do differently would to show the front of the s. I learned that through your perseverance you made a solid free standing  that was both a pyramid shape and jenga style.  They pyriamid that you formed out of the s was the Eifel  that I saw. Well done!"The technicalities that went into building your  paid off!  It's height is stunning for the amount of s you used.  Somehow I knew you were an engineer when I first saw your !  Interesting how you came up with the L pattern and the star at the top is a nice touch.  Seems like you were concentrating on achieving maximum height using the least amount of s so maybe using a few more s would have made it a little more aesthetically appealing. I could see a star pattern using the L shape at the base that may have helped the appearance and also tie in with the star at the top.From your  I learned that while height is an important factor in this assignment, the appearance also is important and to make sure all requirements are covered in a submission.  Hope you caught up on your sleep!"Wow, this is a beautiful ! I agree with you from the color and aesthetic perspective. And your reflection (description) is a strong support to the submission - mentioning it is a floating and ready to take off on the top - give wider imagination of your  and definitely a creative idea. If I would be you, given the black solid base, I probably would take away the light color female  at the bottom, then your T value might be higher. What I learned from your submission and reflection is that giving a "meaning" to the  you build will increase the attractiveness and bring it to life. Thanks for sharing."Thanks for taking the time and effort to complete the exercise. I  you took a simple exercise and delivered a simple example. Where you could consider explaining in the future is the though process you used in arriving at creating this  and why you limited to this specifically. A further observation is that you did use 5 pairs of , however never described why only 5, what types were they, what color or features identified them, why not six pairs or four pairs or more, how long this took and how may attempts were made to arrive at the 5 pair , etc.What I learned from this exercise is the importance of defining the problem clearly and concisely, know what are the constraints, what is the desired outcomes and why, and what does success look like in the end - in other words the importance of a creative process.""Positive:  The  strategically placed on the top of the pile was a clever finishing touch.  As far as 'how beautiful was your  ', I rated it as a 10.  It was fun and colorful. Unique:  I enjoyed the story of your methodology of lining up the s in the order they were placed; a lot of thought went into that, very creative.   Revision:  As far as suggestions or revisions, sorry I have none, your s look great, this is probably the neatest, cleanest, tidiest pile of s I will ever see.Education:I learned at a glance that this person was probably an adaptive creative type.  In addition, reading about the descriptive process she went through to create the  was articulated very well as there was a lot of detail.   Following the PURE approach for giving feedback, I felt more positive and less critical.  ""Hi thereI must admit, I am quite impressed with your  .  The stability of the  seemed to be an issue which we both had in common so I really appreciate your approach to tackling this aspect.  35 s is quite impressive, and judging from the picture, I  you addressed the stability aspect quite effectively while  also achieving a very respectable height. Well done!  As for beauty, I would have rated your  at least a 7.  In my opinion, I  you covered this quite well as a number of the s do provide an appropriate splash of color  and I felt that the happy face flip flop on the top really nailed it.  Nice touch! With regard to rating yourself on creativity,  I would have rated your activity higher than a 6 out of 10.  Considering your efforts, you devised a plan,worked your plan and when faced with a challenge you regrouped and reworked your ideas which allowed you to completed the task in only 5 attempts, which I feel is a pretty decent effort.   On the surface, the  task may seem a little silly, but it was a fun and interesting way to start the course off and it did provide all of us with a platform to examine our own creativity without any pressure.  From what you have written, I feel that you not only challenged the task creatively but also tackled the task in the fun spirit in which it was intended.  Bravo on a job well done! ""Wow, what a solid and high  you've built! And amazingly you only spent 6 minutes to build this one up. You must be a feat guy and excellent in operation. I found that you did not use any high-heel s in your , which may well explain the solidity of the high . I personally found through my experiment that using high-heel s could probably lead to higher T but meanwhile add to instability. And I  you must be a quick learner (from failures) as well, as you only gave 2 attempts and was successful in this high . Good job! Talking about color and creative, my suggestion is that given many pairs of s, you may give the  in terms of color more structured way, say, from dark to light (yes you've mentioned it) but also systematic way (warm colors come first followed by cold colors?). And if you could change the shape of your top by giving it a tip (using flip-flop to make a tip) that will make your  look more like a ""Christmas Tree"". What I learned from your submission and your reflection is that traditional way has its own beauty to maintain stability, and resources are important to make it possible. Also one needs to be adaptive when creating new things and coping with challenges and failures. Thank you for sharing. ""Self assessment:This self-evaluation will build on the evaluation I did for the submission and the changes I see given time to reflect and compare with the other students.The basic constructions to build the tallest free-standing  you can make entirely of s. I did this.  I tried a number of different designs, but given the s (all flat, except for one) the basic structure of the s I had on hand dictated the design. Aesthetically, my  was monochromatic, but with a punch of red at the top.I took 3 pciutres of the process including the finished product. T value has nothing to do with grade  so it has no barring on the mark.I kept a reflection journal and my intelligent failures were notes.  I learned from my mistakes. Grade: 10/10""I did a decent job on a creation that I wasn't sure that I wanted to complete.  I pushed aside my concerns and just did it with the material that I had available.  Perhaps I might take a picture from the side a bit more rather than from the top.Based on another submission, I might try to create a shorter  using a theme and thereby adding more creativity into the mix.  I perhaps was pressed to get it over and done with.  More time and prior thought might have helped.""You started off the  interlocking s in multiple anglular attempts, which speaks creativity and intuitiveness to try interlock a structuure. However, near the top, your creativity drops and you just begin 'piling' s so to speak. I  if you continued the interlocking trend you would have reached a higher level, and broken into your creative depths. Having tried multiple times speaks to your ability to re- and fabricate new ideas, so your creativity is there somewhere!I suggest taking a step back from the next project, come up with something,  on it, then come back to it - sometimes fresh outlooks spawn new ideas! Your submission solidified that creativity is a process, not a one-stop-shop - it's not like you 'get it' or you don't, it's always evolving. ""Hi There!First off, let me applaud your creativity.  I really enjoyed the depth of thought which you put into this assignment and I totally enjoyed reading about your ideas.  I  your approach to the task was quite interesting and I really appreciate your desire to incorporate some Chinese artistic flair into the  .  Well done!Your  involved a significant amount of design and balance and to be honest I was very impressed to read that you managed this in only 12 tries.  Nice work!Although your   did not include a lot of color, sometimes the real beauty of an object is in its design and simplicity . Which I feel you achieved fully.  Personally, I would have assigned you a 10 for design beauty.Overall, I can only applaud your efforts and congratulate you on a job well done!   Although the   assignment may seem like a silly task, you tackled this task with enthusiasm and flair.  Bravo on a job well done!""Positive: Great systematic approach, starting with sketches and visual goal you aimed for and then modifying elements along the way. Unique: I really liked the way you combined shapes and colors  to create a visually appealing image.Revision: you can experiment with including a special message in your designEducation: I learn about a different approach to design that focuses on visual aspects and how that approach might work.Really enjoyed your design!"Great, you tried a number of approaches before settling on your chosen design.  I like the comparison if the  stand was a building.  One of the instructions was to use s, though I have seen a few others using a boot or two for stabilization.  All and all a good effort."Positive: I like the fact that you showed two approaches, one purely based on logic and the other one very creative and disorganized yet meaningful. Unique: two extreme designs, very different but both fitting the projectRevision: you could put more explanation about specific steps you took to organize your s and how dud you go from one phase to another.Education: I  you show extremely well how important it is to define the brief in terms of goals and objectives as even one person can bring completely different answers to the same problem.""I love your creativity.  You must be very proud to create an item so geographically specific.Your inspiration was unique.To be critical, could you next time try to mimic the Canadian Embassy?I wish you had a pictures.  I would have really liked that."Like that fact that you've made full advantage of the boots height and stack them together. However, I  the upper part could be improved by forming a pyramid shape with flip flops or heels so that the  height is higher? it helps to form a more stable base too if the upper part is lighter. :) Just my 2 cents, I enjoy your submission and I also used similar concept of putting s inside the boots to make it more stable.Wow, this must be a very strong   and I believe it can last long for years! And from your reflections I can see that you built it very efficiently and achieve your target in one attempt - amazing and good job! The s you use to build the  are basically one type, which contributed to the stability of your . And you also pay attention to trying balance the colors - good try! Now if I really want to "criticize" a bit, I'd say you may still make it good-looking by re-arranging the colored s and building a tip top, etc. Overall I'd say it's a solid and safe , and I'm impressed by your efficiency and goal-achieving persistence. Thanks for sharing. Great job, both for the process and the result. Maybe, do I judge myself a little bit too harshly and I could give me a little bit higher marks for the creativity. I tackled more the engineering challenge than the aesthetic challenge, but part of has to do with the way the problem was presented. From evaluating other people, I learnt that be creative is not succeeding at the first time (which is more like being skillful, and is often associated with artists), but engaging in exploration until we go beyond the first obvious solutions. It is worth keeping on.I didn't have a measuring tape so I went off my height conversion to centimeter. after reviewing other submissions I am realizing I underestimated the true height of my   and I was overly critically of my  because of the low T score despite being told not to worry about it. I learnt the beauty is in the eye of the beholder."The Manly ! The base of  your  is awsome and I appreciate your perseverance in your final outcome!  The added height you gained from your base  arrangement is spectacular and  I wish I thought of it!  Aesthetically your  is attractive in a masculine way  so I would rate your appearance as a 8.  You have lovely hues of browns and blacks,  Perhaps tucking the laces in would have an improvement on the appearance though.  Funny thing is that I did the same... my laces were not tucked in either.Also, I was wondering if or how the T factor played a role in your .The approach you took in your base really helped me see beyond the traditional stacking method and to see beyond the ""box"".  The details have in your description of your building process has inspired me to be provide better information in my future assignments as this was most helpful in picturing the process that you went through.""Thanks for taking the time and effort to complete the exercise. I  you took a simple exercise and delivered a simple black example. Where you could consider explaining in the future is more of the thought process you used in arriving at creating this  and why you limited to this specifically. A further observation is that you did use 10 s, however never described why only 10, what types were they, what  features identified them other than black, why not 12 or 8 or more, how long this took and how may attempts were made to arrive at the 10 black  , etc.What I learned from this exercise is the importance of defining the problem clearly and concisely, know what are the constraints, what is the desired outcomes and why, and what does success look like in the end - in other words the importance of a creative process."Great, you tried a number of approaches before settling on your chosen design.  I like that you used color from the available s and you used s and no boots.   All and all a good effort and excellent details."The  has a nice, tidy appearance and the sparkly topping a nice touch. The position of the heals that you were able to balance them in interesting. Providing more detail in your description of the process would have been more helpful in understanding how you arrived at your completed .I see that a tall and sturdy  can be constructed using less s than initially thought was necessary.""Nice s buddy :) Always wanted to get my hands on those colourful Nikes but never had a chance for some reason. Totally loved your : it balanced really well and very less s were used. Simplicity is the key here :) "I liked the description of your : how you built the base, the triangular frame of your your , and finally the top column. What I found most interesting is that you used your work boots not only as support for s above, but as support for the snickers you piled between them. I also like the triangular frame you made of your formal s (which you forgot to count in your T value calculation), much like one might see in an electrical . I visualize a  that is both symmetric and aesthetic. Could your  have been built taller if you used a base of three work boots with the four stuck upside down between them, and the sneakers freed to pile between these and your formal s? I like how you used solid physical principles to construct your . Your anchored and filled base was brilliant, and this form of construct is often used to build actual building foundations. The triangular frame was also a well used structure. Congratulations.Your perseverance and modifications seems to have paid off. Your method of 'filling-in' with flat s was interesting. Perseverance Pays - Keep Your Creative Juices Flowing!Great use of different types of s, and the boot on top for height was an interesting idea, would have been nice if you had tried at least one other structure method other than your "sandwich" but you realized this yourself so that's good too! For me the reflection and consideration that went into the type of  you used was the most beneficial :)"Well Done!The photo and your written reflections allowed me to be part of your entire process.The visual impact of your   was immediate.   I was drawn in, then began to examine just how you were able to carefully place each , higher and higher and higher.  You were able to achieve a sense of ""tension"", and thus awe.  At first glance it did not look possible to stack the s in such a way.  Then I thought ""wow"".  Once engaged, I was keep interested in looking at your  by your use of the colours and shapes; and particular the play between positive and negative space as the  grew.You demonstrated in your writing that you developed an initial plan, learned from your failings, but most importantly your were  able to apply this experience to the next , changing the design based on the inherent qualities of the high heel.  For the number of s that you used, you were able to maximize the height of the .  This flows back to your original learning  tall high heels will produce a higher .A minor suggestion  a coloured  on top may have completed the visual structure. I learned from your project that each individual  is a work of art  for the first time I really looked at a  as something more that an extension of the foot.  The big takeaway for me was that initially narrowing the scope (in your case only using high heels) lends itself well to developing a strong design structure that can result in the maximum height of a .    Based on the criteria of the task we were assigned your grade is: 10/10"I  you've been a bit hard on yourself.  You obviously thought a great deal about this project and put some real effort into it.  Congratulations on a job well done.  I love the boots on top!"Totally loved the touch of the baby s - it's light and also adds on a bit height - makes a lot of sense to put on the top. I liked how stable and balance the  looked :) I've tried with your approach too and everything worked much better in my head but totally forgot the uniqueness of the s's shape. You've done a great job :)"I like the variety of s in my . The  height was somewhat interesting as it was wide on the base but no substantial height to it. One way that I could improve this  is by having the  higher and the s facing all in one direction. I learned that although, I wasnt happy with the beauty of my , I did enjoy putting it together and was happy with the choice of s. You tried as much time as necessary, good determination! You took the time to study yours s and select the best shapes according to your criteria, I didn't though of that. You didn't talk about how you enjoyed it, the aesthetics, love her appearance? Creativity pass by all senses, and feeling, open up to more sources of informations! I didn't  to build the highest , I was more studying the process, I'll  of that next time."I like how you figured out how to stand s upright on their toes by sticking them inside other s...believe it or not, that never occurred to me.  And you taught me that two s can be better than one (in some cases) for achieving the highest t-value, depending on the style of  you're working with; I spent a fair bit of time trying to balance one of my s on its toe (with no success) without considering that I could balance it in another ...in the end I just used a tall winter boot which doesn't need to be balanced on it's toe for a high t-value and can stand on its own.You said that the introduction of t-value made the assignment more interesting whereas I had suggested it made it less interesting.  This was because I felt trying to achieve t-value led to s consisting of one or, in your case, two s; it also led to s with no visual appeal since they were only designed to be practical.  I guess it was interesting from a mathematical problem-solving perspective, but looking at some of the forum-postings of other people's s, it was interesting to see the designs people came up with, particularly people who had a lot of s...some people spent more time on the artistic side of things.  Maybe try to take in the artistic perspective in your future work.In any case, I learned some interesting ideas about - engineering from your submission.  I'm also sensing that there's going to be a polarity in this class where some people are driven by artistic licence and some are only concerned with literal, efficient solutions.  Should be fun!"Your   is visually appealing to the eye. Its a clear what you have in the  and in front of it. I found your  interesting because you tied the ball in with your theme. I dont really have any revision suggestions for you as you have done a great job. I dont know if it would be possible to have athletic s as opposed to the flip flops since you have a ball in front of the . What I learned was the imagination created by the  and how it resembled legs. I didnt see that until I read your description and was enlightened as to yes it does look like a pair of legs in a pair of sneekers. Well Done!!Your perseverance and modifications seems to have paid off. I found that you needed to create a base to help your  'grow tall'. I would suggest creating a base with the height (vertically-standing) of your foot-wear. Perseverance Pays - Keep Your Creative Juices Flowing!"Thanks for taking the time and effort to complete the exercise. I  you took a simple exercise and delivered a series of simple examples. Where you could consider explaining in the future is more of the thought process you used in arriving at creating this  and why you limited to this specifically. What I learned from this exercise is the importance of defining the problem clearly and concisely, know what are the constraints, what is the desired outcomes and why, and what does success look like in the end - in other words the importance of a creative process."I like how you have used geometry describe your design and the strategic use of colour to make it more interesting-you also made good use of a lot of s!.  I would be careful to follow instructions since I don't know what value you rated the beauty of your  or your creativity on a scale of 1 to 10.  Thank you for providing a very good description of your  and I have learned that I could have probably used many more s for my !I  I gave a detailed description of the process. I brought the creative exercise back into a place where I was able to branch off into other ideas for s, that have to do with my work,that really excited me. I  my perspective was unique, I was looking at it as a form of play and expanding play activities.t I would probably be less descriptive in how I actually built the  , the mechanics of it and more descriptive about how I felt about the assignment. Less about process, more reflection."I believe my strengths were my decision to build in steps, and to try logically  of how actual s are built. One of my downfalls was not trying multiple different types of s - once I was satisfied, I stopped. Creativity, I learnt from offering feedback is never a 'right or wrong' 'get it or don't' process - it's cyclical and evolving. How can I expect to be MORE creative if I stop attempting creativity? I enjoyed the uniqueness of my  to interlock s of different varities rather than a lot of my peers I saw using one type of  - this allowed for a higher , and aesthetically gave the eye something different to look at upon each glance. I would have maybe tried to use all of one type of  to see what difference I could make with my . "I liked your description of your  . It was vivid enough for me to draw a possible configuration for it. I envision high heels - at this point I'm sure you are laughing - symmetric in four directions, with the bottom s heel toward center, pillars vertical, roof leaning toward center and the last two  vertical again. I like the colour consistency. I find the elegance of your  interesting, and the height (T score) you were able to achieve remarkable. I wonder if it might have been possible to add two more top pillars. The  may have not increased in height, but the extra two pillars may have kept the four-directional symmetry of the . I may not have seen your , but I could visualize it. Sometimes a good description beats a definite image. Good job.The overall tone of the piece was very positive. I liked the idea of showing both attempts. What a great idea to use the tape measure in the photo as proof of the height. I enjoyed the comment about the need for a mask  of "frebreeze". By separating the two attempts into two separate paragraphs there would be a visual and literary break between the two attempts. Personally I found it very difficult to provide a revision for this piece, as I found the piece well done."Overall, I  my   was a decent piece of work.  As mentioned above, the materials were somewhat floppy and limited but I did manage to inject some artistic flair into the project and keep it standing.  My  took 7 attempts with several of the attempts being revisions of ideas or attempts to improve the stability of the .  Although the beauty of the  could have been better, I could only work with the materials which I had available so I did what I could from a design perspective to provide some artistic beauty.  As well, I tried to incorporate some symmetry and balance into the  by  using the same s and technique on both sides of the .  Although some students did manage to incorporate a large number of s creatively into their design, the soft and flexible nature of the s in my  did not allow for any significant number of s without collapse so I was content with the modest number. 10 s for my .Upon reviewing the work of others, I was very impressed to see that like myself others also put a fair amount of thought  into the task, resulting in different ideas and solutions to the task.  One item which I  was prominent with all of the s which I reviewed was the passion and energy which everyone tackled the assignment with. To be honest, the task itself gave me an opportunity to examine the way in which I tackle a task and explore my creativity."The height to s ratio is impressive. The base is very compact and you still could achieve a stable  that high. Your acknowledgment of gathering the s as the first step of the process was a very good insight. I will remember to include all the steps in the process."I rather enjoyed the various approaches you took to try enhance the aesthetic component of the  assignment. Your attention to color symmetry was very eye-pleasing. You used a lot of s with no real height, which could play into the fact that you went for more beauty than girth. (Both respectable approaches in creativity!)  I would have never thought to do a circular , so that's really unique! I don't view s as wide and curvature, that'd be more like sculptures so it was great seeing that difference. I suggest trying a mix of s instead of all of one type - this would help balance and support the  where you explained some of your attempts falling short. I learned to value breaking of assumptions - your unique approach to the structure design allowed for insightful thought into the way I approached the problem, allowing more creativity to flow!"I  it was a very creative submission and a fairly good Aesthetic and T-value given the constraints.Your  is utilitarian in its construction with the unyielding rain boots at the bottom and light atheletic s on top. It is built to stand. Stuffing your rain boots to make their legs more rigid was ingenious, as was cantilevering the toe box of your dress  and stuffing the throats of lower s with the toe boxes of higher ones. You balance your s well, effectively stabilizing the center of gravity of the entire . You gained a good height in this way. The s you had to work with did not give you much leeway to experiment with. You discovered that planning your  often times did not work, whereas just doing it until it worked does. Because of this experience you made the decision to restrict the amount of time to complete an assignment. Sometimes plans, measures, constructs and more time work best; other times trial-and-error, intuition, freeforms and less time do. As you learn to recognize what your creations are doing, their value and opportunities to better them increase. Your submission taught me that every success is a success if it fulfils its function; failure is a function of attitude, and it can be used, when deliberated on, to improve designs. Planning and trying work hand-in-hand to create.I really liked how you described the process of building your  using by logic and experimentation.  I was also impressed with how you rated the beauty of your   - once again very logical and persuasive.  Adding a spire to the  could have added to the aesthetics.  Thank you for reminding me about IFF that I will try to apply this more often to my projects"Good initial effort in coming up with a  that you wouldn't normally have to do elsewhere.Did you use the help of others to offer suggestions and opinion on how you could do it differently?I agree that it isn't easy to come up with something totally unique yet the  looks decent enough with just one try based on the material that you had available.  It's still a good height.I would suggest checking grammar/spelling to make sure that your descriptions are clear.Your beauty scale seemed high which is an expected trend:  if you give some effort in creating something then you tend to like it more.  This is a classic phenomenon.As a future step, I would encourage to challenge yourself to try things differently so that you can satisfy your curiosity and maybe add more creativity.I'm glad that my experience was similar to yours.  I just had to do it a few times when things kept on falling ;)"The protruding s make interesting overshoots that give a lot of style to your . In my opinion, creativity is not about getting it right at the first attempt (which is more of a skill-related quality) but allowing oneself to try many alternatives and go beyond the obious answer. Thank you for the opportunity you gave me to discuss this topic and clarify my own understanding. Your son looks happy!  It's wonderful when we can involve our children in our learning.  I  it sets a wonderful example.  Congratulations on a job well done!"This looks like a really strong, stable  . It almost looks like a  rack, as opposed to an assignment that was given to us.I like the fact that it is symmetrical. It almost looks like a pyramid.I would probably like to see a full picture of the   to get a better of look of all the s.I learnt from this submission that there is much more to the   than just the s itself. Her point on the  showed different stages in her life, and how the  reminded her of an exhibit in a holocaust museum was unexpected and fascinating."I like the initial preparation of making a sketching of the  at the desk prior to the making of the . It shows preparation and forethought. The  is very neat and clean cut. The only suggestion I would have is to take a picture from a different side/angle as the horizontal bar in the background distrusting the eye from the view. This is a great example of how less is more. Great job!"In terms of accomplishment - my observations are as follows :The   built meets the defined requirements ; ie. No other materials besides s (i.e., no string, tape, glue, etc.) were used in the construction.The   also meets the author's aesthetic objectives.A detailed description of the building process is outlined as well substantive answers to all questions are provided.In terms of uniqueness :The construct of the  resembling a well known landmarkAreas of improvement :Attempt to  harder or differently - e.g the   could have been taller if fewer s, but bulkier ones (sneakers) were used as the base. Perhaps the next layer could be inverted etc.Experiment more - fulfilling an objective is good, but additional reflection and critical assessment may have yielded a different result or identified more options.This submission has taught me to look beyond the immediate task, it has reinforced my creative bent while compelling me to take a more objective assessment of my own abilities."It is aesthetically pleasing .  It is mostly colour coordinated.  I like the support structure at the bottom I believe that is original.  You didn't state how many s were used, or give the metric (height divided by number of s.  I've learned I could have been more creative in how to support the base of the  "The photos and your written reflections allowed me to be part of your entire process.You were able to capture through the photos and your reflections the structured thought process that you went through before settling on the final  so that I had a very  clear picture of each step that you went through. The design of your  stayed true to the inherent nature of your building materials.  You were able to combine 2 distinct types of footwear (stiff high boots and soft malleable s/boot). As a result you  has two distinct design elements  the upright column and the cap (an architectural designation).  This gave the  a sense of stability  solid &  strong.  The placement of the boots in a flower-pedal arrangement was very pleasing to the eye.  I wanted to be able to walk around your  because I had the sense that I might be surprised and that the front and back could be different.  Your in-depth  analysis of balancing the materials you had on hand to maximize the height, using the fewest number of s helped me understand the importance of having a primary focus to the assignment: ratio of height/# s, with aesthetics second. . The structure of your  reflects this, but you did not sacrifice beauty, incorporating a pedal design. .  I may have been interesting to the cap in brighter colours.You demonstrated in your writing that you developed an initial plan, learned from your failings, but most importantly your were able to apply this experience to other s changing the design based on the inherent qualities of the materials at hand.   I was very interested in the process you used to determine the beauty of your .  Very analytical and democratic.  I learned from your project the importance of a primary focus when given a challenge (i.e. height).  This method acts like a sieve, making it more efficient to drop bad deigns or incorporate the best part of a design.  I also learned that it is ok to go back to a previous prototype and build from there.  Based on the criteria of the task we were assigned your grade is: 10/10"your  is really impressive. I, too, tried doing the stacking of a pair of sneakers on top of each other but my s are so mangled lol so I enjoyed seeing the success of my own personal vision for my show  come to success in yours :-) "I  it was great that you put the winter s at the bottom. I gives a good foundation.It was interesting to see you use a boot near the top of the . It helps with gaining height.  A little more effort towards increasing height would have made a taller .I loved the detail oriented presentation of this exercise. Very well done."WOW 1114 cm is quite an accomplishment. PS 1114/58=19.2 for your T."Positive: systematic approach to the design, well defined phasesunique: name and ideaRevision: less constrains Education: learning about the person"The  looks clean with a certain element of symmetry. It's very to the point, few s lots of height. In my  opinion it's missing some "wow" element, but nicely done.This  is visually pleasing. It's minimalist appearance is very striking. I thought that the honesty about frustration and failed attempts made the reflection very honest and heartfelt. The comment about being satisfied and stopping is so human. I found some of the narrative a little confusing, especially when explaining the description of the process.I found this piece interesting to comment on. I wanted to play editor but that was not my job.I really enjoyed the honesty.nice , thank you for the clear photos! I thought your stacking process was very decent and looks fairly stable! It would have been nice if you had described at least one other method or fail, but sometimes you just get it right off the bat, so that's ok. Looking over I see that rating the appearance is a very subjective thing, as I  you gave yourself a low mark in that area, I would have chosen a higher number. It is nice looking...i mean how fantastic looking can a stack of s look anyways. awesome! i love the simplicity of it, would have been nice to have more height, but overall a very good success and use of types of s. It's very aesthetically pleasing.  I like the high heal on the top which is unique as well as the bridge-shaped structure.  You used the toe inserted in the heel of another , I wasn't able to make that work.  The only thing I can suggest is that I  it would have been neat if you could have added the other pink high-heel.  What I learned was that the toe inserted into the heel could have worked, as well as I could have spent more time working on a more aesthetically pleasing ."I love how less s were used to get a higher .What i found most interesting about this was the fact that one  was used to keep the rest of the s stable and upright, while they were piled directly on top of each other. It looks like it was really tackled carefully.I  the last  on top could have been flipped over to get a slightly taller  , and hence a slightly larger T value.From this submission, i learnt that less is more. For my approach i just thought of using more s to attain a higher  ."A more function-based design using simple rules (pairs of s). "My favorite is the third , I  you did a really nice job, I like the shape and the colorsI  is great that your kids joined because it was a fun activity.Don't be so hard with yourself I  you don't need to pay attention to time when you are doing some creative activity,  just enjoy!! But I also learned from you, your perseverance was inspiring, thanks!""I love your !!, love the color, the harmony, the mix, how everything fits in the right place, is a good structure the only thing I don't like is that is next to the wall so is not supporting by itself but beside that I really like it!!""My process of developing an idea and carry out the construction of the  was quite methodical, which is quite obvious by its firmness and stability, especially at its base, making it reach a significant height. I made several attempts, many of which ended up on the floor, so that through trial and error I came to the conclusion to what method worked better (IFF), which is one of the things that was sought.I find it quite effectively how s are ordered, differently to most of the ones I saw in the forum and give enough stability to the . It also has a stylized shape that makes it beautiful.It would have been very positive to have tried other ways to affirm each other's s, have used some lighter s or have tried to carry out the crazy idea I had before the exercise. Maybe I would have obtained unexpected results.After evaluating two different s and mine, I have a better idea of the multiple processes that leads to creativity and that I had not thought of using. I also know more about the different approaches to implement these ideas and shape them. What seems more important to me is finding that there are multiple ways to approach a problem and solve it. None is better than another, just different.""Hi, well done !I loved how you interacted with other things in your environment and the imagination and creativity you had for making the other s. I found interesting that you took your time to build the  (2 days for what I understood) and how you communicate with anothers about your exercise, I  it's a great thing. It would saved you a lot of work if you had known that the   had to be built only by s, maybe you didn't read all the instructions. What I learned from your  is that it has not to be always by the rules and that it's ok to give ourselves permission to not follow all the rules. Great Job !"I loved you conciseness and honesty: your description was short and to the point. The fact that you made 3 attempts and got quite a high T number is calling as you noticed very quickly what needed to be done in order to fulfill the task. However, a more detailed description would have been nice: why you chose the s you chose for example. From you submission and from this exercise in particular, I have learnt that  less is more: you used few words and were very clear as regards your message; you used few s and managed to get a high T number. Thank you!"The first observation that jumps out in your creative process is the great positive energy and intuition you have. You also have the ability to concretize this intuition in several prototypes (not just one) to make it happen. You also cared for its harmonic color, having a nice form, make it beautiful. In real life, the design is also important!Very remarkable is how you got carried away by your intuition, assuming the problem more like a game than a task. This is essential in proposing innovative and creative ideas. I have to take note of that!I agree with you in your formula for defining beauty. I wonder just how high you would have come to having used your extra s and had not thought about getting the highest T. Just letting it go high up in the sky! Evaluating your work taught me creativity and intuition are born more easily when you're entertained, when you're playing with ideas. Afterwards one has to give it a definite form applying knowledge and trying different approaches. Thank you very much!""Hi, great job!Your  is really well done, I  it's interesting that you put your low hill s as a foundation and also put a green  in the middle, giving it color and life. Nicely done by putting the high hill  at the top. I  it could have been more tall if you had used some boots or winter s. What I learned from your  is that a good job can be done without too many attempts ( I did 12) and to quote what others  about my job. Sorry if my english it's not perfect, it's not native."I can see that the whole building process was very rich. You took the time to weigh the pros and cons of using different kinds of s and came up with a very tall . The fact that you took several attempts and failed and tried again says a lot about who you are as a creative person. It would have been nice to see a  with less s, to see if your T number could be higher. By reading your submission, I can totally related to your feelings towards the beauty of the structure (I din't know how to grade mine either!) so it's nice to see that I'm not alone!"I like my  but now after I had to evaluate other s I  I could do better and put a little more effort in the foundation. My idea was  about the s as clay or sand, I did not make a hard structure but I am happy because I used my imagination a lot during this assignment.It was a really good exercise. ""The   first thing I should mention is the meticulous process you followed from the development of your first idea to the building of the  of s. You tried different approaches to see which worked best, and was not content with the first one you got. That shows that your mind was open to different possibilities, shows perseverance and your approach to obtain the best possible result.I found it a very interesting approach to make faster, more intuitive and slower, more cognitive attempts. I  it may result in a broader and deeper knowledge of nature of the work being done, materials used, etc. I wouldnt have thought to do it this way and I'll take note of it.One suggestion that I would like to make is that the taller the  is, stability and balance are very important to consider, especially regarding the base under middle and upper structures. The picture gives me the impression that there is some instability especially s in second and third floors. I also  that maybe if you had built the  on the floor, that would had encouraged you (perhaps unconsciously) to try to make it taller as you would have looked at it from up to down, seeing it smaller than when you look at it from the front.This assessment has been very positive for me and has taught me a divergent and orderly manner to address the creative process, including intuition and methodical observation of the results obtained. Thank you very much!"I loved the summary I managed to come up with in the last point of the exercise. I  being honest as to the number of attempts is an asset. However, It would have been nice to see more attempts to see if I could obtain a higher T number using less s and something more aesthetic or less common. Playing with the concept of  would have been interesting. I have learnt that I need to be patient and give things the time they deserve in order to get satisfying results.It is a good job. It is stable with so many s.The s contributing to the  shows that you couple like sports. But I  it can be more creative which also alerts myself not to be conservative in my own job.Where are your image of   ? I don't see it !!! But i  arranging from the heaviest heel to the lightest heel on top of the s will make your   sturdy. "Have to say,You essay is ten times longer than me!And your description is very carefully.I find a detail that blue s could be take off,I  if youtake off blue s your T will be higher than now.This my opinion.And if you want talk something with me.jxw1000@126.comby the way,English isn't my mother language,so please bear with me!""I  the classmate did the homework better than me, because she called out all members of her family to complete the  together instead of doing by herself.Therefore, the  looks more interesting and funny, which makes me warm and wanna to be a member of her family:). Although she gave away some T value during the process, the value of T is ideal at last, which makes me  for a while.Sometimes, the criterion will limit our thoughts and the result in deed.I like the work very much, because it was built by the families and shows all 4 personalities, which I  is more like an artwork.To be frankly, I am fond of this workthat I  it perfect. If I must give a suggestion, I would advise her to put the vamps outsides, while putting the soles insides.I learn much from the works. Firstly,the creation is a teamwork which can not be done by oneself. Secondly, sometimes we should give away some requirements which will limit our thoughts. ""pretty simple and beatiful !the structure was kind of  symmetry,so it is a good one. I also  you can use more s and built a higher one like that , try more,fail more and learn more!i have learned a simple way to built a structrue ,thanks!"LOL, It seems the height of the s is very important.But I  design is not very strong.I  you can add some other styles of s to increase the aesthetic feelingWell done .I  you have finished the job with a  constructive way although  the basic instruction require "No other materials are allowed besides s ".  In my opinion your thought is really interesting and the picture is very beautiful ."P: You are amazing! Well done! Your   is interesting. U: The top of   seems flying above the bottom , and they are so twist. I like it.R: Your   is pretty good. I must try much times to find the center of gravity. Maybe you can change the bottom  with a more harder material one.E: You are so diligent and conscientious. The text is long and inspiring. Thanks for your hard work.""Your   surprise me at the first sight. The picture shows a beautiful . You not only use the s, but also use flowers to add more art elements into it. I have seen some s built by others, and no one design it as yours.However, one of the main require of this work is to build a tall  as you can. Though your T is not too small, the s height is a little low. And your  seems instable, and cannot be built higher.After seeing your  , I found that my  has a little art element and I just try to build a normal . That is what I should learn from your work."hello!you job is beautiful!it like "V". surely, the laces were an essential part of the  . i  you can try to put the  heel to the toe .It's a nice  . Just compared with the 2 other peers's works, it has more beautiful style and color assortment.  This experience is good, Thanks for instructors."1.You are so clever to use high-heeled s,which can improve the T number.2.The  is artisitic especially the top of it.What's more,it seems stable just as you say there are 2 pairs of boots with pumps inside to be the foundation.3.Your foundation could supports more s if you broaden the area like uesing the sneaker.4.The brightened dot maybe something you put by accident.""1. have used real s and try, that is good.2. maybe the   can be taller""Nice try! it looks stable and steady. The opposite structure is very interesting to me. First of all, we cannot fight with gravity. Heavy s can break the balance easily in my try. I would suggest to put the heavy s on the bottom to stable the . for example, i guess the leather s is most heavy one i . Those can be put at the bottom."It is quite high, and pretty high even among all the homeworks. I am very proud of it. The interesting part is the height, and it is built with very limited s. Well, the picture could be taken better. "I built a very high , so I'm proud of my building. the characteristic of my  is the Height. I  I have a nice ""T"",  and using flip flop also is a good idea.Now, I find my s  can improve. Just exchanging the top flip flop order, I can built a higher ! "That's so funny  that he put his s on his head.He tried four times according his idea. The homework is   ,so you should minus your height ,just because you aren't a :) And you haven't give us your reason of rate and your goal.This classmate is trying to be creative and his design is "unique" enough, which I should learn from him.This is a beautiful high-heeled s  with rich colors and geometric shapes. Good job.  You can try the chunky heel  s as the foundation and stiletto heel s on the top. Maybe the structure  is more steady and beautiful."I  your first answer is very good,You can  of many knowledge about building.You have said "" To create a strong , you need a strong base with components"",but i  your s-'s basis is not strong.Admittedly your idea is very good."I can't see the picture. but the description is so little, I can't get enough infomation.Your   is very creativity,and your submission is clearly and focusedYour   looks interesting and creative.  The measurement looks good too.  The only thing is that the   was supposed to be standalone and not against something.  That might be the only problem.  Keep trying again and have fun!first,I really like your submission.Compare to me,yours is better.I learn someting about the value of the  "top myself",it's right.All of us should be encourage,may be the work was not highter than others,but to us ,the work we tried our best is more important.Also ,I learn someting I didn't konw before. for example:the meaning of " T formula".Third,there was something problem I want you know:your pictures can't see it(maybe my computer have problem? )and the most important,your didn't tell us your rule to build up your s .Finally,keep on explore the feelings during the creative process,and you will success. "You have the best s I , as they are so tall at the beginning.I'm  interested in how you add the other three pair of  s on the tall boots.Your bf has a frank attitude to your work, but i can't   give no more than 6 out of 10 to you for that  looks lack of value in architect."Your idea is right in making a   which is high and your "T" is also very high. And i noticed you used boots, which is very unique. But the   isn't very beautiful. But I learned another way of ing.The vertical form is creative,and the  structural stability can be more research."  All your colorful high heels on the  are very nice,so I ing they owner will be an elegant lady,It's my pleasure to enjoy your colorful s .As you said,due to the use of a lot of s, the  seems to feel very stable.But at the same time,if you can appropriate to reduce some s,you can get a higher T value,I guess.  From your amazing work, the more I realized that my   s color and aesthetic considerations lacks.Thank you!""your  look like Eiffel...I hope to see you more specific designgood luck""Nice work!According to your description,you have 16 pairs of s in total.1st level (bottom/base) - 5 s2nd level - 5 s3rd level - 4 s4th level - 3 s5th level - 3 s6th level - 3 s7th level - 3 s8th level - 2 s9th level - 2 s10th level - 2 s (Standing)What a huge project! You must spent a lot of time.Your  looks interesting,especially the plants.And I  it is solid due to its reasonable structure.But I  the  appearance of your  can be improved.You said when you shared with my sisters and friends about this online course and the requirement of its first assignment. ,one or two of them were puzzle a little.Your words remind me of my mom's reaction.When I told her about my   Exercise,she feels puzzled.And I get weird looks from her......However,when I finished my ,I had a sense of achievement.You might have a feelings.Sorry for my poor English and poor expression,I hope you enjoy the course too."Excellent job. I learned a lot from your hw. May use more time, you will find better way.Impressive. Make use of the cave in s, good solution. If you can change the way of looking at the problem, it might  expand your vision for the  .I love the structure of this  ! It's really amazing that you just have tried it once to build this structure of  basis,and your basic structure really inspired  me.However,you only spent few minutes building this .I  if you had tried more,you would come up with a better idea.Keep yourself working creatively!It's amazing!!!!! It's just one string of s!!!!!in my opinion ,it is wonderful ,I never consider the ideaSorry but I can't see your picture, is there something wrong? I  your shower maybe solid as you have described, but if the T is larger, it will be better.Best wishes!Well down!I do know how frustrated to bulld a s .I  you did a good job.your s are too light to keep stable but the number of s you used in basic is considerable.So your  can still have a stable centre of gravity.And in the beauty,I like colorful thing.If you use your heavest s s as the basic part,such as sneakers,you may save more s to make a higher .The suggestion maybe not suitable,because I can't know your s precisely. Well,in a word,from your case and mine,I realise that s are very important in the task,both the amount and type.WOW,I't wonderful!The  uses a variety of sand be just perfect.I love your originality , and see your efforts.Your job let me see my weakness,and inspired me.I really don't know what to say to express my feelings now, I marvel at your originality.To tell the truth, I give you full marks!firstly, this   is beautiful for its modeling and style. Additionaly, the T fomular is so high that makes me feel surprise."Your method is similar to mine. But your  height is not as high as mine. Hahaha...Our work are both not that fun to watch. I mean it is not that unique or creative.  Hope we can both get a lot progress to be more creative by the end of this lesson."Seems a tight .The basis of it seems very stable.My suggestion is that this friend may try more times or shapes to build the , and put the heavier s at the bottom then the balance will be better.The idea of weaving the s upside-down and right-side-up to create a   is very interesting.Due to the limitations of  the color and types of s,we ignored the beauty and elegance.But I  , on a scale of 1-10,your creativity should be 6. Maybe you can try to let the s stand,and your   will be higher."It's a very difficult construction.good job.You just made it.It's realy a Leaning  of Pisa.After almost a hundred attempt?Did you have try other method?"It is an artistic  ! you choose the high-heel s to built it is a smart choice. I  this choice derived from lots of practice. So, this is important. And i  you might built more higher( i see you have more resource.). Also, more higher might means less artistic. "looks very like a , I  it must be very stable. So the structure is pretty good, it is nice that you also consider the colour.But it looks not very beatiful,disorder,and the colour of the s are not that good.It is the first time that I heared someone use the colour! that was good""Frist of all, I like the process of building foundation. You find a better way to make the   stable. It is a good beginning.Secondly, The value I want to reach for myself is that I want to put my creativity in genuine service for others and inspire.-----its a genuine dream.Then, look at the T value again. T = (Total  height in cm) /(Number of s),Your   was 14 inches, that was 35.56cm, and you used 17 s.T=35.56/17=2.09Maybe, you make a mistake, its higher than yours.However, I dont know why they  it looks stupid? Actually, its just a creative game. We should be more fearless to reach success.""I  it is an excellent balancing act, it must not been easy to such a tall balanced long enough to take a photo, especially the top part. It looks like the colleague created a really nice  with a good choice of s variety. The bottom blue/green running  and the top blue/green pair make a very interesting highlight of the  aesthetically. Would be interested in knowing the how the other revisions look like before the final result. "I love this  . Good job! Balance is the point! I  you can try more!Thanks for your sharing. but have you noticed the requirement of  ? only s can be used. when doing a task, it is better to be clear about the requirement.Your s  is very creative.I  you are clever.Well done!"Shape are beautiful.The foundation of architect are really strong.The only thing is the average high is not enough, perhaps you can try to remove one pair of , thus the average high increase. ""what was done well?  The  is beautifulwhat did you find interesting about it?  NothingSuggestion: try to build a tall  with fewer s.I am really sorry I can't find the place to grade your assignment:'("I found your   basic is very particular  you inspire me that basic is very important.From the picture,I  the stability of the  is done well.And I am intrerested in the hollow design in the .Speaking to the question,the  is so easy to build.In my eyes,it was build just by one way triangle superimposed".On the top of ,you used a high-heeled  to crease height.I suggest you to use slipper inserted in the top.And I suggest you to try more times,3 times was too less.I wish you can do better in the next exercise.Good luck.I take the photo of the  ,so it can't be fake;)  It looks like a little cluttered and the color is not harmony , but I build it successfully .I could make a more detailed draft to build the ."I  this  is beautiful. The structure cost me many time .But it could be better because it can be higher "I satisfied my T value. This is in my design ideas.But I'm not satisfied with my s beautiful degree of the . In ideas from other students, I benefited a lot from it, and I  i can make it better.Well done!Your    is taller than mine.and more s than mine."The error of upload picture might cause by big size of picture. (I met it as well)It is really great that you consider the color in this  (I only consider height, and totally forget the color, ^_^).Average height can increase a bit if you take some risk to put two s up stand (might not stable for long time), I guess.Anyway, GREAT job."You attempted several times and adjusted your strategies.With careful thought,you built a better  than before.And you realized that life also needed creativity.So you can hold the belief that practice makes perfect.Just try again and again.Life needs persistence.It's my own works. Can I just leave for other's comment? The only thing I'd like to say is I can do better if I do it again."Can your photos rotated 90 degrees? It makes me very tired.Then, you only use 6 s! it looks simple or should I say is concise. I know you must try several times. Your T value is hign (higner than mine), but it looks not so attractive. Maybe you can come up with some different s to make your  looks better.It's all. Have fun!"I  if you use other kind of s your T can be increased. Your   is very beautiful. I really  this   was good.Idea was really good.He(or She) built this  as a pyramid,and he(or she) used some big s as a wide base of it so that it can maintained a good balance.And then,used some little baby s in the top of it.By the way, I love those baby s,they are so cute.And they are really made this  more colorful.But,unfortunately,the only thing that interested me was those baby s.Yes.Really,pyramid was very good idea,but in my opinion,it was too common,so many people used this idea to made their  .I don't  it was creative enough.And, I'm sorry,friend.I have to say,except for those baby s,this   had a little bit unsightly.It was look like messy,on the whole.But your little girl really is a angel due to her s helped your  a lot in the sense of beauty. And finally,I really learn something that everyone has different perspective.So,process is the most important thing rather than result.If we enjoy the process,every result will be perfect! I  you could make a higher one,but it seems that you have got a lot."Wow! It's so wonderful and congradulate that you successfully built such a black-and-white s , I  you choosed these s in two colors on purpose, right?Personally, I  the unique characters of your  are as follow: 1\ You choose  two main colors, letting your  looks elegant.   2\ You did not seperate a pair of s. About revision , I really could not come up some good suggestions for this  to you . It's a good job. However, could you  another  interesting way to build a s ? I'm really curious about your new idea.From your work ,I learned that we could use the flats to be basement, and use high heels to enhance the height of the . And of course,the choice of color."Having made some comments on other's work,I find my  can be higher than I have made and can still be more creative.But I was so exhausted at that time.Still I  my  is beautiful.And I should not give up my ideas easily. "I  my   has a special structure. Like my friend said it had a sense of design.I used the s that I could found, and matched them to made the structure I thought. But I only focus on this and how to have a big T value.At the mean time, maybe I could consider more, like colour, aesthetic feeling etc. . Or maybe I can find a full of imagination special way to made something. Just like ""mountains are not mountains""."It was a success to pile up those s at such a height.  It was interesting to see them not falling apart. So you have done a fine job. But by comparison with some other works, I should say you could have done more creative s. If you tried more times in its structure or adding more colors. After all, you had only attempted 3 times, right?"Initially, you take  into account  stable structure, appearance, height and  size, then try to establish a stable foundation. This is a good beginning.You give yourself too low scoring.  I  you should get 5. Maybe you can try to insert one  to another  and let s stand.And, in fact, I  maybe you didn't understand how to get the T value. The denominator is  number of s(how many s).""The shape of  is very traditional and the structure is very stable.Besides, the color is sufficient.The top of the  is very different made by one boot like a roof.Based on the stable structure, I need to try more creative shape.Different color will give the audience more visually attractive."This is the tallest one I evaluated. The foundation looks stable enough, so I am just curious why not put one or two more on it. "Wow I like this ~I  you are very creative and have done a great job to make full use of different shapes and colors of those s. This is not easy, because I experienced similar difficulty when my own  was being constructed. Also, the more pretty s were put easy to be seen, making the  more beautiful~In fact I'm rather curious about how you managed to put them up. It was rather frustrating to see it fall every time, wasn't it? I see that you made 7 attempts in total, which inspires me a lot!Still, although you are definitely right in constructing a strong supportive base, I  there's a little more that can be done to increase the metric~Maybe by carefully choosing s that are more consistent in texture? Or figuring out a more regular overall shape?Thanks a lot for sharing!""Cause it belong to me.So I love it. It has a clean and elegant beauty. Its advantage is that it is a stable structure.Each layer consists of three  are both linked to the triangular structure Actually I also have some slippers, I didn't take good advantage of them. It will be more tall and beautiful.Face to 's ', i did not have  so much passion and time to make better. Because i haven't rebuilt it by using slippers."Your  has a vey unique and conflict structure. I mean i really want to see your  from the whole dimensions. It really interests me. I am wondering your 's structure is just like DNA. Really appreciate your creativity and DIY ability to build this one. The colors and structure are both great. But i have the view that maybe the chain structure won't make the most contributions to make the  be the highest. But i'm not sure about that since you just make so many tries and compared them. Anyway GREAT JOB!!!!!! : )"Positive: Very interesting   stacking method is almost the same with me.Unique: Unique in that color and uniformity are excellent.Revision: Recommend next time try not to give yourself a time limit, maybe there will be more s to produce special s.Education:There are many ideas, but the students encounter the same idea really is not easy .""Firstly, I see the diagram with a laugh and happy. It is so creative because i have not imagined this structure can support this height of the . It is very exciting to achieve the 10.5 of the value. However, i want to know how long can the  keep steady. My friendly suggestion is to strength the structure although it may sacrifice certain value for the metric.Thank you for the idea. I  i can build the  and even do other things with more aggressive."Eiffel  seems a good idea, but no one can ensure that if he or she don't try it by their hands.With such few s, it seems impossible to build a beautiful  , but I have try my best.First of all, it's really creative, which I have never thought of. In addition, it makes full use of the difference of each kind of s. However, it could be more beautiful. Lastly, what l learnde is that the difference of mind is really big. Really good job! I especially like your hexagonal foundation because it's just like a flower and it is really beautiful! And the  has a large bottom transition to a tiny top which makes it full of art! However, maybe the color of the spire which consists of four sneakers is ... a kind of mixed (just from my perspective)? Anyway, I haved learned how to  establish a more firm  ---just by a hexagonal foundation and thank you so much!The design is very simple but very useful design because i am a pragmatist. After seeing other's design I  i can do some update on it.  The color and the smell of it is very harmonious. I like my design. "what was done well?    You didn't stop improving.what did you find interesting about it?  NothingSuggestion:  outside the box. Actually, I  the  is good enough.I  my  is a bit short.I am really sorry I can't find the the place to grade your assignment :'(""Positive: happy with your little daughter.Unique:so many sRevision:try other waysEducation: collaborative effort.""From your describe of your work.I feel your are not with fun with it.You just do a homework.But I still like you  ,It have a good balance.I  if you try more slippers ,you can get more height.what if you take three side of you slippers.I'am interesting the structure lean on each other.""Positive:I  it is great to build such  only in one attempt.And you said your s presented great life experience,which makes me feel warm and happy and then I can feel your love to this .GOOD JOB!Unique :I  The  is a viable,which is where the  is unique.And I  your  can be one of the greatest  I have ever seen for that.Revision:When others including me are struggling with how to make  more beautiful and taller, you show a totally different angle.And I cannot find big bad thing.Certain to say,you can try more and make it better to show it life experience.Education: I learn how to Pour my feelings into works.And I  it is a great harvest from this part.Thanks  very much ~May you Happy all the time ~Unique :"Good that I didn't give up this assignment. I woke  up at 0030 with the idea that I could make it visually tall with my action figures. Yet I didn't realize that I can actually make the  on the top stand even taller, like a monument. I learnt  not to wait when an idea comes to me. I'll give me 7.5 for the first attempt. Not so high, stay hungry."Since you haven't uploaded any picture or vidio, it seems impossible to appraise your   in aesthetical, but I'm surely shocked with your 18.3 T value. But I am not sure if only 3 s can make a great , not with big T value but also beautiful and artistic.your sincerely""Actually I'm pretty into the whole process of -making.The  finally looks great.But I'm not so satisfied with it.I was stuck in an obsession that I should try the best to reach a higher T valuethough it says the T value has nothing to do with a grade.I start building the ,while I don't have a clear plan.But things are getting well as I have tried then failed,and tried.Do it and learn from it.""Positive: it is just beautifulUnique: good shapeRevision: try to add more sEducation: just do it, it is fun."Wow! Your   was amazing.It was so high.The way you built it was very intelligent.And I love the paper crane in the top of the .Looking from a distance,due to this  was so high,even though the crane was made of paper,it was really look like flying.Your   was good.Really.And it will be more perfect if has more color.I know about your story through this assignment.I will be more firmly my dream,and never give up."Positive:Good trial of different shapes. The use of boots contributes a lot on 'T'Unique:Boots.Revision:You can try more times of different types, using all kinds of s.                Pay attention to mistakes in your description. (grammar, spelling, etc.)Education:You   is exactly the same as mine! So, both you and me need to improve."e...in fact,I don't  it is a ...just place the sGood work.I  had made full preparations for the work and  I like it.I liked this   at the first glance because of its color and design. As the student said, it was very simple and without various colors. Yes, it's true, however I found it good-looking because it reminded me of the Disney designs like the Mickey Mouse -- because of the s with holes and the easy-going flip-flops. The idea of putting them up to the top and let them support each other was pretty good and my own work was a little similar to it. The unique thing I  is three simple colors -- blue, grey and white consist of this  so it was pretty cool. I could easily tell that the designer is a male:) And the four flip-flops on the top were pretty good. As the designer criticized himself that, the  seems to be a little too simple. Some more colors and more s could be added. More time would help. I learnt that how creative it also is to be simple. To be simple is sometimes just cool.Impression on your construction was: brilliant! I really appreciate the way you used standing s on the top of the   and it was really a good idea to do that. As to materials you had to construct the  , it may be not so bright and impressive but is also great. If you had more s to construct it, I suppose maybe you can pile it up a bit taller. Great work!"sorry,I\ve tried reloading,save the picture ,open in another page many many times ,but i cannot see the picture.From your describe I can image your work ,it must be pretty ."Hi, you do a good job. You finished this assignment by first try and used over 110 s, it is amazing. However, I  it is better for you to consider the T value, because this   Exercise also tests your creativity by achieving higher heights with fewer s. In this case, it is better for you to try more times and learn from failure, so in the next time, you can do a better job. Finally, I learn from you that the strong base is important, in fact, I fail many times due to the weak base.First of all,I am satisfied of the variety of s you have used and the height of the .I am interested in that because I could't build my   as tall as yours.If you can attach a picture of your  and describe more detail of the ,you would be understood better.Form your submission,I learn that it is a good idea to tie the laces together.Thank you! I  your   was cute and interest. After you finished the , you decorated it. It looks cute and colorful. Your  looks like Pyramids. It's great. And you aimed for lower score of the T. You did it. I  you did a great job. "1.I found the process of building a   was really really fun.We had a good time!2.We collected many s and built a high .3.We could be more creative and try more times!4.Seeing others'   , I realized everything have many ways to achieve it.We should  more and  in different ways.Nothings is impossible and try.You will be more creative."I'm sorry that I can't see your picture. Maybe the internet speed is too slow or other reason. I don't know. After I read your description, I  you did a great job."Positive: Very interesting   stacking method is almost the same with me.Unique: This  has a slope , but still looks unshakable, very cool.Revision: Recommendations can be stacked for the idea and process to make detailed.Education:There are many ideas, but the students encounter the same idea really is not easy "very bad trial as I haven't got too many s... I need constructive suggestions."Your  sounds nice! 2 pairs of s?That is so creative!Since the picture is unable to be seen(I have tried all types of browsers), I can only get hint from your description! You said you use a triangle, and I agree with you! I myself use a triangle as well, and I find it very useful to make the  strong and supportive!Thanks for sharing: )""The  has a medium beauty and height and is kind of neat. But I used the s regularly without any exception.Maybe I could make it differently changing the order, color or size of the s."Maybe it is not very high T value. It is pretty in shape and stable. It can be more creative and higher in T value.You have used 14 s, and the shower looks solid. I  that is the strength or the unique aspect.But, the T is too small, for example, compared to me, I got a T=10.But I may have other weaknesses. Anyway, hope we can learn from each other.BEST WISHES!First, the description of the  is detailed. And I can image your  after reading your  description.In my opinion,your   is creativity. It has different  model. However,your  process may be too short and simple.Maybe more s will be better.Your s  bottom looks pretty solid, but you can try to set up higher.s  creative is not very tall, beautiful degree is generally, but also you carefully take out.In general, is not bad.Continue refueling!!!!"I should be more enjoy in the project!  Next time I must update the picture!The more you absorb in the project,the more creativity you have"I am most unique place to build the entire  with overs. Minimum per unit length s, which makes t value becomes high. Aesthetics are neglected. If you use a variety of colors s would be better than just black. Although the experiment failed in the process, but can not give up. Only persevered, innovation will succeed.It a beautiful, steady and tall ! I  it is difficult to make a tall  steady, Besides, the peak of the  is really special. The light slippers is used perfectly, From the other hand, I  it use too much s and the bottom seems a little disorderly. In short, It's a brilliant  in my opinion. Using slippers to make a peak is a grate idea. I  I can do better if I find multiple materials instead of just one kind of s.I  the  basis can be revised  in order to build a more stable and beautiful .Besides,I should  something different and try more in the future assignments because I  I get stuck in a fixed way of ing.Amazing ! So many s put together and the  is still sturdy ! It is great putting a  into another . If you arrange the base more steady, the  will be built taller.It reminds me of the salad  I used to build, that the heaviest on the bottom and the lightest on the top. Good engineering! and the top, standing  is really smart. However, it seems that the t-value answer is missing. I'm giving 7.5 for this attempt. I learnt: a  can stand in his own XDMy   is the most beautiful one I can make.But there are still things that I need to do.I didn't work hard at T value.Because I don't  it's so important as being beautiful(I saw many people went for T value).And I need to be more creative.I  it is impossible.I do not believe he can collect 1000 s.well down!You work very hard to complete, should be encouraged. You know how to work, looking for a better way to get a higher , I applaud you. I also like that you can use different types of s to push the , it will be very interesting. But I  your s with too much, did not feel good stability. I hope you can get more people to work evaluation, I believe your patience and ability to cooperate with friends to complete the job, but also good, is not it? I want to give you 7 points!Great!Your   is more higher than me.And you are  persistent.I should learn you.good job. The T value is best among the peer I evaluated and the idea is very special."Good job.The pictures highlight the concept of each ,and it's funny.I am interested in which one would you choose if you can submit one of them.Hope to see a nicer  with more types of s,or colorful s.I have learned from my work that failures invite the Mules and there will be different creative ideas waiting for me in the end,not just one outcome for the assignment.""I really love the four-s base. It seems, at least for me, stable and utilitarian. But the upper part of the , probably due to the limit of the s, is not really good-looking and ""-efficient""-cause i  slippers can do better than that.I gave 6 for the beauty and 6 for the creativity."Designing the   is an interesting thing,And I enjoy myself."It is very high; it is a little difficult.It can use  colour collocation.The foundation foundation is veryimportant.""I  my work is more interesting, because I use drawing picture to show my idea. And I use another way to build a ,that is layouting them in the ground instead of standing in the ground.But I  it's better that I could use real s to place one s  outside.That is also the aspact which I really want to revise in my plan."I like the appearance of your  . So far, it's one of the most beautiful works I've ever seen. It also surprises me the way you used your high heels. My T is pretty high. I can do better.  If I have boots I can have higher T. You did not use the smooth and flat s before build the s  is pretty good.You use your mind to build even if you are not good at building."Good job!You are too modest,I  you can give yourself 7or8.by the way,I notice that you two kinds of s,but I only used slippers.it's very good.at last,I must tell you my English is poor,so please bear with me.if you want to talk to me,this is my Email: jxw1000@126.com"I can't see your assignment, but I know that the T value of your   is 5.2, so, I  it is wonderful! Congratuations to U! "I  s  build is very good, and the stability is very good, more important is an orderly, has the feeling of art. I should try more to try some different approach, there is no good method, will only have a better way. I should again on the art of my   support work, and my s its stability. This is I need to improve myself""I find I was a little arrogant,other classmates give themselves 6or7,but I give 9.but I still  is a wonderful idea.so keep moving!"Your job well done, 20 to fight the good high s, I feel great. I like your idea, you're smart enough to know how to fight with the least  highest base do you know how to do to live more securely support s, great. I hope you can add women's s, it looks beautiful. Really like your work, I'll give you 8 points too"Positive:You made a 88.9cm-height ,that's amazing!And I can see it's very steady,well done!Unique:The 's foundation formed a arch,which is very special.I  this structure is both sturdy and beautiful.A very smart design!Revision:I noticed that you used quite a lot of s in the middle structure.Could it possible to decrease some s but contain the same height since you have a steady foundation?After all the assignment required more of height than stability.Education:You didn't care about T at all and that impressed me very much.When something seems useless but not for sure,a few people can really throw it away!I admire your firmness or will.""This project was the most inspiring, since you put so much work into it! Thank you! I feel bad about rushing into my own, now, but also feel inspired to put more effort into the second week's project! I also like how you compared the s to shapes around us, and gave alot of information in your descriptions. It helped to understand what you were doing here, and your inspiration. Your Grandfather's question is one I asked myself, and found that I needed to answer before I could build my own . I spent more time on finding the answer than building my . Did you find a good answer for him? If not, I would like to suggest ing about why, and give him your reason, though this may take some time!I don't know of any recommendations I could make to improve your submission. I really was inspired!As for what I learned, I  that feedback from those around you is important in that it causes you to  about projects more. Maybe this is why I like to discuss my work projects with my friends, and to  about them when I do Yoga (even though I should be meditating!). Thank you!""Your   is similar to mine and I used 12 s,too. We all choose the triangle and three formation. The value of T is nearly equal to yours. However, I  my   is more stable. Then, why not choose some s which are in bright color, maybe it will be more beautiful!By Chris,China,2014/7/27  Mail: Chirs_Yin1995@163.com""I  it is very value for you can cooperate with you family,I mean,how adorable you can express your idea with kids and husband.I am a student now,but I really want to share my view and thoughts with them,which makes us a better family.The interesting aspects maybe is the boots.It is summer in my country,and it is really hot,so we won't wear boots and I even hasn't  about using boots in my s .It is interesting,and I like it very much!But the require says we should use s as many as we can,you should used more,maybe it is more difficult,but try it,and go to do the best you can!I believe you could build a better one under the help of your family.That's so happy to read your submission,I learned a lot,enlargr my own eyesight as well!So glad to meet you!"Your s is quite lovely.With boots is a good way to improve s  height.But I feel maybe s can use less."It is great that you tried only once to build the  which is stable enough. The introduction of the  is quite interesting that you used various s to reflect yourself. And I  the  will be made taller,if you make more attempt. Thank you very much.""Oh, my God! I can't see my picture which I sent in this page. I'm so sorry about it! However I did the work all by myself, it's a good  beginning.I  the design of top  is the most unique part. Which construct by a high-heel  and a children  that perfectly keeping balance and making whole  beautiful, it quite creative as well.Frankly speaking, although the  of mine has solid foundation, it can not count  aesthetics innovation. The construct way of most flat s sacrifice little to T value.In one word, the progress of submission make me know I should give consideration to some point to make a wonderful work. To be rational in a planned way improve the approach."I like this ,because it looks like a work of art. The student chose a coffee table as the building slab, it makes the picture looks more beautiful. But I  the shortcoming is the method that made this  needs too many s.In this picture, I know I could use something to decorate the "art" what I want.I  I could do better than this.I should use boots to be the base.It would be taller.P: The submission was delivered very well and you also had assessment from friends, very cool! U: The structure of the  is very unique and you even use the lace! R: The first layer of   have a very complicated structure, and it would be hard for you to build more layers.  E: Creativity need some structure, so as the   building."WOW, such an interesting  the picture shows! I am impressed by your idea and I  you have the potential to be architect! Secondly, your idea of using lace to construct the  is really really a fantastic one.However, you should admit your  is not symmetry, so it is a pity.All in all, your  is a good one, good! I never  of using string, maybe i can try it next time!"Your  is awesome ! It simple but definitely corresponding to the request . We can get the highest T value through this method. But it's hardly to build more s above it.  : )     In the process of building the  of s, I considered a lot, including the weight of the the  shape and structure of the entire  . And I did a lot of sets of data, the statistical analysis, got a lot of inspiration. The only thing I didn't do well is that I did not put s  higher, due to time and the amount of s. I decide to do more perfect the next job .I  it is good.The model is cool.But if you use more s,it may be more beautiful.I have learned that if your s are not enough ,you should make full of it."Nice work!The  looks strong and solid.And I  the structure is interesting.You spent 4 hours in building your  and made many  improvements.Your effort impress me.Genuine knowledge comes from practice.keeping trying Is important for us.However,I  the appearance can be improved.Sorry for my poor English and poor expression,I hope you enjoy the course too!""s were organized differently on different layers. The  seems not low.Use more s and make the shape more beautiful and stable.To find my shortages and strengths."i  i can do better on the color of this color, so i give myself 7I  you did a great job, The   is unique. It just like the Eiffel . It is creative to do it outside. You said that you want to do this in the dead sea. I'm looking forward to your work. It's an amazing idea.The height of  the  and T formula is great.The design of the color is unique.If you have taken a photo ,that would be more intuitive.When I build my  ,I haven't  more about the color design.This builder done it well.Education, if can take a photo of your idea, better"Your  will be good looking and stable, I .Slippers are good choise, for they are simple in shape.But I strongly suggest you try it out, because some kinds of slippers  are too light which means you may not lay them too high. Triangle is stable in math, but apparently three pair of s can not form a stable triangle, because they are independent to each other.""very good "" "", but I can only see it fro the top..., you should add the photo with other angle then I can see more clearly how it is constructed.you insert the s up rather than simply stack them together which makes the total '' taller...""The first image I is simple, clear, elegantMinimum , build the most cost-effective beautySometimes the simple things, is another kind of beautySeemingly unstable and stable, this is the work of specialPersonal feeling a little less s.Learn how to use the simple ing to solve the problem."I appreciate your three attempts.And I believe you have tried your best.I find the structure of your s  most interesting. Bottom of 4 s make sa stronger foundation and I believe it can be taller.But I  it is not very beautiful.Maybe you can try some s colourful.I really admire your work."Wow!there are so many s~ You're doing very seriously.And learn a lot from this experience.Come on!  i will give you 10 point."Well, I thought it was a stable triangular  , and something unique lies at the base. I can tell you really spend some time on it. But anyway I thought what was important was not on how many s you used but on the value. You should find the best way to use the least s possible while build a tall .Maybe not so tall as what you've made out. But consider using only 8 s to build a  of 38.5cm, that would be a better  . Anyhow I was inspired by your job.good job! It's very high T. All the s are same status,they are not very happy.You can make it happy,don't care about the T."oh,let' me talk about my submission.I  its most strength is that the structure is full of imagination.I had wanted to make it like a heart..of course,its height is not very tall ."I can't see your picture of your SHOE TOWER , maybe  what   you have submitted  was so big that could be seen in the study system. In addition, your answers for other questions were too simple , I suggest  you would finish those much better Good job! I especially appreciate your effort of documenting every step of the process by photos. By far your   was the tallest that I've seen. You successfully found a way to provide steady support for the . I would like it even more if you could reduce the number of s to simply the structure. My   was made of 7 s and reached 74cm. I didn't put too many s to lower the T value. But after seeing your work, I wonder what my show  would look like if I had put more s on it ;)Your 's structure is the most beautiful one i have ever seen!!!! You just make a real !!!!! Also your high-helled s make a lot contributions to your structure.  But i want to suggest that whether you can make a try that put lighter s in the middle structure. Anyway GREAT JOB!!!! : )"Positive: At least, I have built a relatively high  in height.Unique: After reviewing other's work, I found some similarity between my work and others. My work is lack of uniqueness. Revision: I will revise my work in shape. To build it in the shape of Oriental Pearl  or of a pyramid."I  it's good to make sure how many s in the first floor can keep the  more stable. If you can try more times, I guess you can do better.I  that's a really nice shape!~ Only one line at the bottom,It's not a good basement.Maybe I can try the triangle basement ."your  is Interesting,i can see you use a lot of time in it good luck !"Your   looks beautiful and strong, but the value for the metric is not very high.You can find every time you tried,you can have new approach and thought about the .Practice makes perfect.Creativity reflect on the process you attempt.You can do better.Come on.I believe you."Your  looks very cute:D.Beatiful and tall enough .I  your son and daughter also have a good time.The appearance of the s  looks like a real .Maybe you could try some other strange shapes.By some different combinations of methods .And when I drag the mouse from top  I mistaken  thought your  was built on the cake....Your boot is  powerful  height weapon~I leart  the process is more important than the results from your experience.And I realized my English is too poor.TAT ""First,I like you taking ordinary idea,because I found that in my own,too.Too many styling doesn't help much.The interesting thing I  is your friend's opinion.I feel sorry for can't look the pictures of your work,but it must be funny!A dangrous art work,must full of another beauty!Maybe you said a little few,you could talk more about the process you made it,or how you tried this for several times,it is only not so much wonderful when reading your submission.Thanks for reading your submission,I feel happy at meantime!"Hi classmate, very good try on the s ! I notice you used (maybe) your highest s on the top of the  therefore you can save the quantity of s, meanwhile reach the highest as possible. It's a clever move! "First I saw your work, I was surprised by the colors and background. I  it's such a success except for the height of the  . It's better to use more s to make it taller.All in all, I love your work."great!all is  sandals and flip flops .it has a little hard to get more high. the   is beautiful!I don't see your picture.But I believe you try your best.Your work is very high, I  it is the highest. And its symmetry is very good."1. I have to say that placing a  vertically into another  is an amazing idea, which would save me a lot of work if I have known it before. And mixing of different types of s is also charming. (so sad I have no partner for lending me high heels :-(  )2. Again, two layers of vertically-placed s is the most unique aspect of this , well done!3. Some of those s is a little too old, maybe hiding them after others will do some good to your beauty of .4. I have constructed a  with almost the same height and 15 s, but I didn't try so many other plan like this guy. I need to take pains to  out of box."Well done.You  had made full preparations for the work and I like your imagination."I didn't really  spend too much time on designing the tall  .  But with the trial and experiments, I figured that I can complete the assignment and which I did.  It turns out to be a nice shape of .I felt I should have done a bit more design ing and what-if scenarios to make it a better creativity process.   Go, go, go!""You have many beautiful s! you built a very high  !I find the top of the  is two sports s,  maybe you can use more sport  like Building blocksI  there are redundant in your . So you can try to reduce the number of s""PositiveI  Brigitte did spend a lot of time and energy in her work and I believe she had fun, fantastic. The strengths of the submission in my opinion as follows:1. Brigitte gave a very-in-detail explanation of what she had visualized and explored which led us a clear way along with her creation and construction.2. Brigitte gave an objective evaluation of how beautiful, but she highlighted the counterbalance the Cheery on the top as the sparking partthe personality of her own, which strongly persuaded me and became one of my favorite parts.3. In the end, Brigitte supplied a conclusion and in these 4 points, I can see her endeavor, passion, reflection and what benefit her. That is this course taking about. A confident person with creativity can face any circumstance in the future.Unique:The explanation of the cherry is one bright spot. Her self-exploration for the -building (last part) is profound.Revision:As far as I concern, although this  is tall and solid indeed, it is more focus on stability, as my observation and Brigittes own saying, not creativity. It just like a building built by a carefully amateur architect. Id appreciate Brigitte exploration and achievement, but I still  she thought in the box. She has a lot of different kind of s; they could have be more inspirited her and go more far in creativity. Education:Brigitte thought and wrote a lot about her  , her words are organized and give a very clear explanation on what she has done and how she achieved it, even a non-native English-speaker can get a good understand of what she talking about.She has a unique point-Cherry on top and cherry is her own personality of beauty, cant agree more. I appreciate her confidence as she said I believe I demonstrated the qualities of a creative person. I know   is not a text but a way for us learners to find our inner creativity and triggers to let them out, thought maybe Brigitte and I are not that familiar with this skill,   is a beginner,  I will carry forward what I have learned., me too."From my tast, I do measure the high . And I know that I try many way to put the s.But the attempted times is a  little .From this tast ,I learn that  all  the tasts must do them at once.So that I can be ing any more."Positive:The  is built by a small number of s.             It's clever to put s upside down ,which is helpful to keep the balanceUnique:The top  not only enhances the 's beauty but also rise the height.Revision:Such small base almost determines that the  can not be higher,which is a inherent drawback.              The colors doesn't match each other well.Education:For me, i didn't try many ways to build the .I used a similar structure to yours,but i didn't  of as much as you did.I stopped trying when i failed the second time.I learned a lot by doing this feedback.""The idea that make the   look like a real  is really good. I like like the equation. Also, the way that change the color of the s is very creative, which can make the   look more beautiful. In addition, using the boots is really helpful. However, according to the picture of the s , I can't really see the details of the structure. Moreover, you can spend more time on trying some other attempts. From you I know that being creative on some other details is very important."9 out of 10.A great T value! Less is more,make a thing easier to make it better.The  is also pretty beautiful in the  .But the layers is a bit little. I've learned creativity idea was always not perfect,not fit everything,we should accept the truth.After saw another classmates'  s, I really  my  was unbeautiful.But regardless of how other people ,I love my  ,and I  my idea of how to build it was really good! Through this assignment, I realized I need have more creativity.That is what I must to learn and be good at it. I  my   is not very creative but it's really a beautiful one.The color mix is fantastic. And something interesting I found about the   lies in the base, they were laid differently. But anyway I do  you should try more times to test some weird structure, maybe you'll find something unexpected. In brief, it does remind me what is the most important factor of this  .you have  read so many books and you love reading.that is  a good habit i need to learn.it is also an unusual idea about the touwer.it is unique. However, maybe it is easier to build a book  than  ,so you can try your best to use your several kinds of s to show your idea to build a  . it is more challenging."Positive: the pink slipper at the top is your advantage,because I   it looks like a bird.......Unique:  the black or grey s at the bottom foil the beauty of the pink slipper,or it can say the pink slipper is more beautiful because of the other black s              I  it is quite unique because no many people will make s  with strong contrast Education :.....in fact,I don't use the ""IFF"",I just build with my feel.So I cost nearly 30 minutes to make a try,if  I use the ""IFF"" like you, I am sure my  will higher and more beautifulRevision :  I  it doesn't need to type your process about  building .I  people will know generally when they see the photo.                 In my opinion,you can borrow more s to build your ,to your family ,your friends.....then your may build a higher one.                   And it just is lack of some creativity,your should  more seriouslyps: you need't wash your s,you just need to wash your hand....""This is my first time to be a feedback provider here. And My English is not very good.  I hope the following statement can clearly express what I mean.You tried so many times and finally built a sturdy ! It's so patience. And you built a very characteristical .You consider the colour when you built the . This is amazing! As most of your s are black and brown, you use the only coloured pair of slippers on the top. This made your  had Vitalitynot only a stiff buildings. I  maybe you can try to put the s stand up, like the pillar. But I'm not sure if your s can  assume this responsibility. Anyway, we could have a try, if we want the  higher.AS a feedback provider, you are not only to  how to do the work, but also consider many other things. At the same time, you can find something you never attention on, and give some advise. Like on this time, when I built I never  about the colour. And the number of times that I had tried is so less.""I'm sorry I can not open the the URL link of the picture you provide because of the network,. It is so sorry! But I  your s  must be great by your description of it. I am very intrested in the structure of your s . And I  the most important things is the structure when I make it. But finally my tallest   was only 67cm, with a 19 s. I appreciate you! Keep it up!"I was not able to open through the link the sumitter provied. The   sounds like a solid and a nice . The submitter compare his work with other people's work to have a better evaluation of his own work. It is interesting that the submitter mentioned "strong foundation" and "stand for hours". While in the instruction I cannot find any statement saying that you need to build one solid and long lasting . So will the  be taller if less attention been paid on the stability of the ? It would be better if the submitter write more about how many attempt and how many revisions he did. "According to your description, I see a beautiful  with different s and colors. Your  has unique art element by the using of different s, it must looked perfect. I have seen some s built by others, and no one design it as yours. However, one of the main require of this work is to build a tall  as you can. Though your  seems beautiful, the s height is a little low. After seeing your  , I found that my  has a little art element and I just try to build a normal . That is what I should learn from your work."I really like this  ! It looks quite different from the works of others. Instead of placing one pair of s directly on the top of the other, you designed a completely different structure which could use less s to achieve a higher height. I really learned a lot from it After evaluating others assignment, I found my work ugly and having no creativeness. I will reconsider my creativity and labour for a while..."Hello, I'm glad to see your submission.When I first to watch your  in the photo. I just : wa.....So beautiful! And I never  about the s  could be built like that ! How a amazing  works!your  looks like a pyramid and it looks so firm. I  that must has a steady basement. I'm so interesting in how about you to build the basement. But I  the  should be higher. Accroding to your idea, your basement should be built more bigger than now, and it would cost more s.Any way, your idea has changed my mind. I just build the  in cuboid and I alway  the cuboid is more steadier than other's form. So I learn about that I can't  the problems in the single way and I must try other ways to prove my idea is right or wrong.""Thanks for your hard work !The color of the  is beautiful.And the shape is unique.However,the biggest problem is that the  is not stable enough.Besides,by doing more revisions, you may get a much taller ."This   looks beautiful because of the good arrangement of the color, but its shape appears not very firm and stable. The T value is okay considering each pair of s contributed more than 10cm to the total height of the . Compared with other works, maybe more s with light weight such as flipflop can be added on the top to expand the height. It's my design.That's a very funny thing,It' my first time to do something like it.I like my design,but the height of the -Town didn't meet my requirements.I want it to be 120cm at least.And it should be more colorful,I  I should add some other s in other colors.I  the s have some moreand aesthetics is a little poor, but stability is very good, good idea"Positive:I  it is good that you prepared so much for this work and enjoyed the processUnique :The top of the  is remarkable.It seems to be quite unbelievable.Revision: I  you could have tried more times,and you will build a much taller and more beautiful  just as Jack said.Education;I  your attitude and the design of the top of the  are worth learning."You did wonderful!Go on girl!You can handle this!You are the best one!It is hard to describe this  .   It's a bit confusing at first. If you use more time it will be more beautiful. Though it looks like a little strange, I  it is very hard to make it stable with different shape s.  The shape similar to hexagon is hard to find because it has a little lean or the s' color. Your design will be better with more similar s i . Maybe you can borrow from your neighbourOwing to the fact that you didn't use english to describe your   ,so I had to evaluate your   through your picture.There is no denying that your  's structure is really stable,I noticed that you used the principle of the triangle has the relative stability.It's really good.However your discriptions about your   were too simple,you didn't told me how you assessed your   by which way.As far as I am concerned ,you can add more art to your   to make it more beautiful and creative.IT's a pity, NO Picture Attached. The author of this submission can re about the T formula and give more details what's the structure look like and how you build the   before the Intelligent Fast Failure theory can put into practice to evaluate the effort the author has tried."The shape of  is beautiful. The tallest s are unique. But no descriptions in the submission.Descriptions are essential to know the process of building."Well,that   looks like a little house. :-D The slippers are like a sharp roof, and the 'house's wall' is white~haha.... But i  if you build it to a higher or make it more colorful will be better.Do you agree with me? However,i am sorry that you didn't provide an in-depth description.As for me, I  i learn that even a small  can make people feel like a little story,.Thank you for your little  .  :-)"Positive: nice tryUnique: two wingsEducation: simplest way worksRevision:try to remove the bottom side two"I tried my best to do this exercise. But after checking other students' homework , I found that I need to  more new ideas.4 out of 10.Well done,you accomplish the  .I really wanna see your  or more  describe in great detail.What a shame not to see your .Your T value is pretty good.but,honestly speaking,your details is a little short.Your pretty T value inspired me .It's good in many ways.During that many attempts must let you learn something that you hadn't mentioned before. It seems that your  can not be solid during a really long time. T-value is the second acquirement so don't be so worried about the low T-value. Good work in all.First of all, I really appreciate the intense attempts you've made towards the result. And I believe it was brilliant to set goals before you actually did the work. Maybe you could modified your criteria a little bit after several attempts, so that it would have been more realistic to meet them. I would suggest you to arrange the s according to their colours if you want to add some beauty to the . By the way, I like high heels, too. Enjoy the class, my friend :)"Firstly,I  the ""pyramid"" idea is very good! And you construct the  by different kinds of s, making the  much more beautiful.Secondly, my attention is caught by your decor on this picture, which gives me a good first impression!However, there are some suggestions I want to give to you about your selections of s.In my opinion, It will be more easily built if you select some sports s for their height and softness. So i give you 6 scoresFinally, I still appreciate your  from which I learn that I can decorate my   by ornaments. What a good idea!""My English is not very good.  I hope the following statement can clearly express what I mean.First sight, I felt the   is full of little daughter modality, very cute. The boots with small floral on the top are so nice, I like them.According to your  , I  two s for base is almost enough. The s in the left and right had no real meaning to the  structure, but maybe they made the  special in structure and beauty.So, this time, I learned that in addition to considering the practicality, you may also need to consider some other areas. Then your work could be more popular."You made a good use of the T-formula by treating it as an encouragement to build a higher  and I'm glad to see that you have tired 4 times in order to get a satisfactory result. But if you can make the description of the  clearer, your homework would be better;) My   was fun to look at and unique in style. It would look even better if I had used more colorful s. Overall, I'm pleased with my work, and from the process I learned that failure could provide useful feedback for building the ."That is a bad news! I'm so sad to lose the chance to see your beautiful .According to your description, I guess you built a colorful s . However, without picture, I can't give you my assessment and recommendations:  "First of all, I  your idea is very good, the heaviest s on the focus of the following can be stabilized. Modeling the entire   is also very good, but not very nice color matching, you have some answers in the reflection is not very clear, does not seem to understand the meaning of the questions, reflection next to pay attention Oh ~"Good job, girl! (I guess you are a girl, no offended if I guess wrong)  First of all, I would like to say that I like the name you gave to the piece of work. You made this   not just a assignment, but more a meaningful art. And I have to say the name TMF -  of the Modern Female, I like it very much. Second, I  although the height of the   is not so tall (30.8CM), you only used 6 s, and that makes the T= 5.1, that's impressive.Also, I  it would be more stable if you put some heavy s at the bottom, and put lighter ones at the top. If you could use more s that would be taller. The most useful thing I learned form this submission is that sometimes you just have to make the work you do meaningful, name it,  it in a different way, and that makes you more proud of the work you do.Thank you for you submission."When I take the   is want high t value, but there were no more try some scheme, to make the s become higher.It's unbelievable that your T is 24,how you made it?thank you for your hardwork."Good job! I really like your  ,it's beautiful,especially the flower out of sport s.I am interested in how to keep two layers of your sport s stable,because their surface is not flat.It may be even funnier if you take T formula into your consideration.I do enjoy your process of building the .""I guess my  is not bad,right? My T value is about 3.78, it's not very high, but I  the 's structure is beautiful. I put the sports s in the bottom, and the high heel in the topit's like a growth from a gril to a woman. Besides this, the  is like a flower! After seeing my classmates' , I got some new ideas to improve my . I want to use boots to increase height, and I can try to take advantage of the s picture or color to make a special meaning!""Pictures can't open.Although can't see pictures, but I wish you in the process of learning this course can grow. "Good job. The total time you spent to get the final product and the amounts of attempts are very impressive, and the result is quite good already. And the ing process at the beginning is logical and comprehensive. But as you said, maybe it would be better if you put more thought into it, such as its appearance and combinations of the shapes. Based on your image, the pair of s in white is quite stable and you can expand the length by putting more s on the top of them. Overall, the  looks very stable!The shape of the  is beautiful ! The boots in the middle part are fabulous,for they are placed in a really unique way.What I am also in favor is the color of the : mainly black and white,and with some blue and red. Still, I can feel this  is very stable. And here is a question:you said that you spent 18 pairs of s but I am afraid there are actually 9 pairs ( just a small mistake~ ).Furthermore, I  by using 18 s you can make a much higher  if you have another try. However, it is great that you just spent half an hour to complete this big task.I can predict that you will be a very productive and creative person after the whole class.good!You did a good job and it's beautiful!Come on!You can do better!I  this   is another way to build. You can try the colorful s."After evaluating other students' work, I can see my work in a new way~First,I have done a good job in making use of the s. I choose similar ones, and the structure is regular and more durable. Next, the most important feature of my  is its shape. The base is triangle, and up is built by ""overlapping method"". I also find ways to improve. For example, I can choose bigger s rather than slippers, and more colorful ones too.This has been an rewarding process! Although very tiring, it's a fresh new experience to me."Aha, your s look good, good stability, also pretty high, with little s.Good job.Well Done! It is a fancy  .The intersting about it is colorful and ragular,because many s is dark,but your  has a variety of colorful.And the sprit that you refused to give up is splendid. I have some oppion to you.Even if your goal is different from the demand,but it is a exercise,and we should be as requested(Your   is very good and creatity).On the other hand ,I  that you can do your Exercise Reflection better.It is too simple and less reflection. May be your first language isn't english,which is a trouble for you,but you can use some tools like dictionary."I  I did a good job ..uhh..can I use the chinese? I  I can do it..thats a joke...the process is too long ,and try it many times,but I feel happy I feel I was a creator,the failure made my  more steady.I'll keep on trying..Thank you !~""I take a picture.I  I have try my best to do this peer assignment .I  my homework is so interesting.This my hard work. I thought  more than 5 kinds of schemes , finally chose the slippers.1, At first, I  of slippers and other s, slippers can be connected together,they do not need other things to fix up2, I consider the aspect of art, I come from Chinese, I want my work with my national style, so I made a boat shape. As picture shows:Through the practice, I start ing again, start trying to analyze and solve problems from a new angle .I tried 12 times Thanks the course a lot !Tall :  40CM s : 20  T=2"It is very clever that she put the lightest of s to the top to increase the height. because the base was build by high-heeled s that remind me about chinese's arcade(diaojiaolou). My suggestion is : use less s,change the base's shape . Through evaluating two students' submission,I found that they describe things that are very specific. But my description is more abstract.Oh!It's so beautiful.You designed a so colorful -Town.If there is blue or yellow,it wil be looked better and interesting.I learn that a good -Town not only need a creative idea,but also should do well on the color of the s."The height is really amazing, compare to 2 student I reviewed, they are 3~7 cm.My  is really simple.perhaps can  about other facts, besides height, for example, color, etc.listen other feedback and work together with more people when I have one new idea.""This is an interesting work.It reflects the author's unique way of ing and imagination.This is a special  , comprising 10 different languages.Different from the real  s, this is the inner beauty.Very unique, very beautiful.Especially the high-heeled s, display the author is not the same as the inner beauty.If you use a different color Is it right? More beautifulIt teaches me to learn in different psychological and sex ing, divergent ing, do not be restricted by the reality""The  seems tall! The tallest  is like a black tongue.The color of the  is dark! The quality of the picture is a little poor.Make pictures of good quality."As the student said himself, it's less of creativity but the simple way to do the  , but this is also a mothed that I didn't have in mind, anyway the height is highIt is amazing you only uesd 5 s to build a 80cm .It is a magical prodution.But I notice that you used other materials to keep its balance.Think  some Other ideas to keep its balance,I  you can build a higher .However,I like your shructions.i love the way it stands with firm base and curve line on the top. the color fits it very well too. if I can use more boots, the T Value will increase. I  more s can be added into the  if next time I make it.Compared with the others' homework,I found that my experimental T value is not low.The experimental results are satisfactory.I need more creativity,Of course I also need  more slippers.. I  that the creativity also need the root.Just like the  need a solid foot.I still consider that how to let the arm of Transformers keep horizontal.So that  It will looks more handsome.And how can get more slippers,this is a way to prove the ability of mine."Well, I just like the Toy motorcycle in the top of your  .I also see that you packed the s with newspapers and I have to say that it inspire me to build a firmer  though it seems to have broken the rule (No other materials are allowed besides s). Not like you, I have just four pairs of s so I have to build the  like a vertical rocket. :) In my opinion, maybe you can build a more symmetrical  for the s comes in pairs and many people prefer symmetrical. By the way, using s in different colors to make your  more colerful.your sincerely"It is so creative and it is looked llike a pair of antlers.If it's taller,I  it will be more interesting amazing.I hope to see a taller one post on our forums.There is more interesting way to build the -Town,we should try more idea.That's what I learn from you.Really good and fascinate structure. From your answers, we can easily find you make lots of attempts and have a better idea in your mind. However if you can upload another picture which can show us your  better, you can gain more from peer reviews.I see you have fun. It is most important. From your photo, I feel your  is so hign, and your photo looks nice. "Positve:I  it is a smart way to supervise the balance by putting the boots sideways.Unique:Just the point I say in the Positive,since I  it is really worh learing from you~Revision:Honestly,I  you could have tried more and I believe as Jack said you will get a more beautiful and taller .And I  next you should pay more attention to the angle of the photo,because I cannot see the detail of your  clearly.Education: I learn a new method or a ing to use the s~"OH,my god. When I see this first student, I  how terrible of my work. I need more s for attempts. First, I was  it look likes coin , you know the shape, but when I saw explaination, oh, it's hotel s. It looks strong, cause so many s in there. I feel the  s were pure, cause only one color,simple is great, but the hotel s, their shape is very flat, easy to buid, I  you can try to build more creative sructure, maybe a catsle, or a building, anyting you can imagine. I will rate this work as 3.Well,compared to the students I have evaluated,my work is not so good as I  before but I still like it pretty much.Use slippers is a very good idea iwould like to say,for it can put its head into another's.that makes it a very steady structure.I also have to say that my  is not pretty,it's ugly,I could do better.I have learned that one should combine steady and beauty.You are good In the case of conditions allow you do.I  you should find more s to Increase the difficulty.I  my   was common. It is just for stable. Maybe there isn't little creative. After seeing others , I  I can do it better."Hi! First of all, it shows that you put a lot of thought into this assignment by doing two designs! By reading your in-depth description of the process your went through I feel as if I was there with you building the , thanks for providing details of the process! 	I do agree with your friends that your second design is creative and beautiful, but I am not sure if it is allowed by the rules By reading your descriptions, I  you are a self-critical and reflective person, I am sure these are qualities that will make you successful in this course and life.	As for further improvements, I would like to talk mainly about your first design. When I was looking at videos in the Idea Cloud, on the side bar was a video of someone building a   like your first design. I forgot how many s she used but her  had a height about 1 meter, her T value was thus extremely small. I  you could have made the  higher before putting on the pair of boots; this will increase its height. I like your idea of putting boots on top; it sure adds a lot of height to the structure, but maybe its a little heavy to put on top?	As a feedback provider, I  I have learned a lot, thank you! You mentioned that your design 2 was a quick thought; I  it is a valuable one (still uncertain if it fits the rules). This proves the importance of having an idea journal! Dont let those creative thoughts slip away, and try to execute them when ever possible!"I really like the color and the idea of my  ! I successfully found a way to provide steady support for the . I would like it even more if I could reduce the number of s on the base. "Although s is not much, but it is very interesting, creative. If the color of the s to diversify some again, I  will be better. ""I'm glad to say your  .I'm surprised that you have so many s.I  you may borrow s from many friends.The   that you make is the most simple but the most need perseverance.I  you can make it more beatiful.Finally,Let the ideological work and to be a sensible girl.Keep moving!"I forgot to write the T value of this  , the T value of the s  is 3.2cm. If I could do it for one more time, maybe I will use a table as the base to let the appearance looks more beautiful. Good job.Not only you make full use of the s,but also the s  is very beautiful."I have to admit that you choose the most stable shape to build your s . And the 180 s is an inconceivable figure.I can imagine a picture of your works, it should be beautiful, neat.All right, the suggestion of mine is you should take a picture let others can learn more from your works.""Wow, looks great. it is looks colorful and stable.A flat structure can support this stability is  interesting to me. i mean the 3 s on the bottom is not in a triangle or square position but it could stable the .I guess if you can put the flippers have wider open on the top, can build a taller I  I should be more patient to try some more times compare to yours.  ""I really love the   that I built. I'm so glad that I have accomplished the work and tried my best to build the highest   aesthetically. I got many experiences from this assignment and learned about failures always let me be more successful.After I looked at other   from peers, I have an idea about the limit of s. Maybe I can use feminized s completely to build a more special   next time. ""Personally I liked your design at first sight; I agree that it is beautiful. I can see that you put lots of thoughts and you also experimented many times before arriving at what you presented.In the picture, you put a sandal under the white s (in the middle of your structure); you are very detail-oriented! That is a great quality. Your design leaves an impression of simplicity; I personally love that and thus  it is very creative.From the picture, I can see that you used similar structures (horizontal  and a vertical one in it) for 2 layers, while it is consistent for the whole structure, and certainly beautiful. You could try a different kind of ing and see how that works.I enjoyed reading your reflection and its great to see what changes it had made in your life. I  we can agree that you were inspired by this course. I dont  I have been inspired by a lot of things lately, but I need to keep my eyes open and hunt for inspiration. ""Wow6 s73.66cm, that's very impressive. I  we have the same idea to do this, that is to put heaviest ones at the bottom and lightest on the top, that could be not easy to fell. Cause I couldn't see the picture you uploaded, I really want to know how you angle the s. I also  the best way is to angle the s, but it just doesn't work after many tries. To make this piece of work more beautiful, may be you could try more colorful s. You said that you have tried 15 times, that's really inspired me. It seems that you learned a lot form failuer, And I learned a lot from you. Thank you for your great job."Sorry, no picture, no idea of how does the show  look like."Look at the others I  some more wish my s. Want to continue to try out different ideas and ideas. I need in the art and the structure of the solid next time""The submission is generally well-done. The design is not very common and the in-depth description is clear and detailed (which inspires me most).In my opinion, the design is unique, especially in the way that the s are placed. Each pair of s makes a group and a malposition is made between the groups, which makes the design steadier as well as provides a sense of balance.For further improvement, I  the designer may try more s to make a higher . Besides, more kinds of s may be tried to explore different ways for different situationsAs a feedback provider, l learnt from the peer's design a new method of placing s(the choices of s, the way the s are placed, the using of colors....). And I have learned a method to assess my own work. "Awesome! I am deeply impressed by your T value. One of interesting aspects of this submission is that the builder used single  as building block not in pairs, so high T value was achieved. However, I am still concerned and a little worry about stability about this structure. Overall, the builder gave much effort in this job, and I feel mind-opening very much. Well Done!I  your   are much better than mine, its very high and beautiful, you tried many kinds of different ways, each one is unique. I don't  you have place to improvement, because it was so great!(I'm serious) I  I should learn from you, can try and explore.The picture is not visible. But you have made a lot of effort and you did great.All s are high-heel, That's the key to help you get the high.great job! You can use the"heel" to make it stable and higher.learn sth. from you that we are not limited with s."After learning the PURE approach, I evaluate my own work as follows:I  I did a good description of the process along with the picture, readers should be okay to understand my process.My nephew and niece add an unique element of my exercise, adding a little of fun rating of the aestheticality. I should describe more on the previous revisions, instead of just the final result photo, to give readers more insights into my thought process. Also, I am ing whether it is a better idea to do the exercise first, instead of seeing what others shared in the forum first? Because it might influence my independence in creativity?Overall I learned that for next sessions I should try more and describe more to make my feedback more valuable to readers.  "Good work! You successfully found a way to provide steady support for the . I would like it even more if you could use more colorful s.the method to do the   is similar with mine, we may have the same way to ing.so what should I say , it's beautiful.Your  looks very stable.I  you could try some other strange outward.You will accomplish better in the future. As a feedback provider I am happy that finding great viewsyour T value is very high, and the structure of the  is excellent~!,i would get you 8.5 point ~! have a nice day~!Your  is very stable , it's very clever to put the bigger one on bottom.But I have to say you sacrificed the height you could have built in order to stabilize them. May be you paid too much attention to the stability of the .It made the T value relatively low.But consider the s at your disposal(the type of s ,and the number of s ), I  you did a great job.Because you have already  laid a solid foundation, if you have more s , you can build a very tall  with a high T value at the same time.The height of your   was great (much taller than mine...)! It would be great if you uploaded a photo. Also thanks for your inspiring idea - why haven't I thought of that!Positive, if can make the  vertical, it will get balance.You are creative and your s  is beautiful, It makes me self-abased...I gave you 9The strengths of my submission were the shape and height. The interesting thing I found when I  observed the picture I uploaded was that there were so many kinds of s I used. I thought if I used less s in the bottom,maybe the T value can be higher.I learned from it that the shape of sharp top and wide bottom should be stable.I  this design is wonderful,it is colorful and stable.The architect made it in a short time(at least it is less than mine).What is interesting is the use of different colors.But the khaki  at the bottom is a fly in the ointment,it can be replaced by a black one,so it will look better.From this submission,I learn that both stability and beauty are important and a good idea can save a lot of time.I like the base of your  . It is a sound base which makes your  balanced. Apart from that, your   is quite similar to mine.By his / her descriptionI can not open the pictureI   he was done well in the design and structures of the  .He tried to do better and enjoyed the process. I am interested with his  staircase-like    because it has a beautiful appearance . But the higher of the   isn't  high. when I built my  I only cared the higher and  I didn't  creatively.As a feedback provider I can learn something by contrast and improve myself ."Positive:I only used 6 s to build a over 50cm-height  successfully,well done!Unique:The limit amount of s.Revision:My design was too simple.Education:I should make more attempts."Your work looks straight and narrow.It can be a good building model.It makes me  up a famous book named ,which was written by Marcus Vitruvius Pollio,a achitecture in Roman,1st century B.C .He wrote in the book ,"the six princeples of achirecture are order, layout,harmony,symmetry,fitness and simplicity".Now you have achieved order,symmetry and simplicity.But  it may be more proper if you take the red slipper at the bottom.I like your idea,and you can make full use of current conditions.I  we don't need find more s to build a high s  .less is more.I  this   is beautiful, I appreciate he use this kind of structure to build s, if he concentrate more on colors ,will looks more beautiful. I will learn the way he build, cause mine was not taller than his. so I will rate his work as 5."1. Incredible! This is amazing! The  you built, it is really GREAT! I have thought about the rain boots and you did it! I could not find my rain boots, oh no. You did a great thing! It looks very high, the T value is 13.97 and the  is 111.76 cm tall. GREAT!!! What make me amazing is the aesthetics. It looks beautiful, and colorful. Thin, high, and, I like your white sneaker. It is the dawn of this .2. There are several things that I find interesting.Color. Black, white and, your flip flops. The  is bright.Shape & Symmetery. It looks like sprout. A word came out right now, it is future.Foundatoin. Only a solid and strong foundation can be put lots of , you have thought about the weight of each , didnt you? It is simple. The higher floor is, the shorter lighter and more colorful  is.3. In fact, you looked yourself rational. I gave myself higher score. You did focus on the physical side. And this helped your  come out from your mind, and come to be true. If there is a critical talking, I will say: you did a great work, and if you have more time, why dont you try more styles, you can make it! Even the other things!4. Well, the eduatoin. Color, shape and foundation, these elements are the thing I can learn from you. Your  opens up new horizons for me. I will try my best to say welcome to the new creative future. You said, I pushed aesthetics to the wayside. I dont  so. Sometimes you do not  about that doesnt mean you do not reach it. From my eyes, I see a simple and beautiful  . Well done! ""Well done but not that perfect!I  my description is not that detailed as others' but I  I have covered a significant number of kinds of s which is the luminous point in my work. "Used  the less s to make this  , but it doesn't looks beautiful I . But in this art, I find using the less materials always could be gotten the goal.i give you 6 ,because  i can't view your picture, and your describe is't detail . my suggestion is that please describe in great detailYour  looks very good,expecially the top of it.When I first did my exercise,I tried as your picture showed,but I failed,because my  wasn't steady as yours.It seems that you used two triangles(with high heels),which may  contribute to you s 's stability .However it looks a little messy,if you try to make it neater,it would look better.I love your s 's structure and the two triangles. I  this is a good job. So many times for try and so many styles. It's good. The inspiration is better. It's good to reach 63cm  by using only 5 pairs. I  you can do better if you have more s."Hello, your overall description of your work seems nice. It's nice that you are confident of your   when I saw the score you reward yourself.Since your track is brief, I suggest that you consider more and write it down, which will help you find the shortage of your work and improve it next time.Well, I'm interest in your T value. T=1.5 is not bad, but if you can use less s to make it, your T value will higher than it. Because I can't see your work in picture, I guest you make the  in traditional way, and that all flat s will lower T value. Next time you can use some even high heel s, the try to make them stand in different way. I believe it would reach a marvellous T value.I appreciate that '   Only when you try again and again, you can success.' It's truth, thank you!""I rate your   a 6.First, your   is pretty good. It is colorful and it looks active.Second, it is interesting that you have so many sports s. You must love sports and often play basketball and jogging. Are you a sunny boy?Third, I  the   is a little messy. You may use other ways such as put your s smooth, cross placed them and so on. Those ways may make your   ornamental.Finally, I learned that the more you try, the   would build more beautiful. And active sports s can make   colorful."very sophisticated  with many attempts. High T Value and many variations of construction and s. If theres a picture, I would like to assess the beautifulness for you. :)"P: my ing order is well arranged. And the T value is not low.U: some of the s stand erect, which is not very usual. And i imagine some models linking to aesthetic, though could hardly be realized in real world.R:i  i should make the placement of s more beautiful, especially when the number of s increases. Focusing on details, by choosing the kind and the size of the s more carefully, the  might be much higher.E: I get to assess my work more objectively and know in which way i could do better next time."Wonderful job! The T formula is excitingly high.You are a good planner and do a lot of work to build the .I  I can't give any  useful suggestion. I should make my design more patient and detailed.I  you are a person with careful thought.You are patient.For me,I also tried more than 20 times.After having seen your picture,we came to an agreement that height and artistry were difficult to combine.Maybe the most beautiful one has low 'T' and the highest is not satisfying.So you have to make a choice and balance these two elements.Failure is the mother of success.Practice makes perfect.In this process,I  you and me had a better understanding of creativity.1)I   the appearance of this s  is good,and it has a firm base.2)It has more high-heeled s than flatties.3)The way to build this s  is traditional and lake of innovation.4)In genneral,next time I will try more and spend  more time in making plan."I  my  is beautiful. It is not the same as most  s. Suggestion: try to build a taller one."I am sorry that I cannot see your picture. But I  it must be pretty and creative through your description. I can learn a lot from your idea."I like the s . This is all the family members of s  . The significance of the important responsibility. The shape of the  of the s made me  of the Eiffel , I like it. "when you finished the  , you changed some more colored s. This is very nice. Lots of time we approach the target and neglect something important which might make a difference. I am inspired. Thank you! I also like the bike  in the middle. It is symmetrical upward and downward.Not bad. Number of s define the winner in this guy's strategy. If you can change the way to look at the problem you have to solve, there might be some amazing result you will get. "1.Your   must be colourful because you have used various colous like red,green,pink,etc.Though there isn't picture,I can still imagine how artistic it is.2.What makes me interested is your spirit,because you can make another attempt after built one,maybe sometimes things will run better if we turn our eyesight.3.You can make the s stand if you want the   to get higher T points,and it will be great if you can upload your   picture.4.I am too cared about T points to ignore the fun that in the process of building the ."First of all,I  your  is colorful and amazing!And your submission is so careful ! I am interested in the details you described . Acounding to the details , I can imaged the meaningful and hard process you have experienced.To be honest , I can not find many problems form your submission, because your  is pretty good! I just hope you can carry on and make progress! Form your submission , I  I should learn the carefulness .Good work with the  ! I like the idea of putting s vertically inside others. And the use of baby s was quiet sweet. But if I were to give my suggestion, I would probably use more colorful s to make the   prettier. From this submission I learned how to  out of the box by putting s vertically instead of horizontally."your  is very cute..i means the tip.. your  is Creative very nice,but maybe you can try use more s .good luck"I am sorry that I can't understand you well without a picture. I  I did a good job~ It looks like a real , for the triangular hollow. However there are some shortcomings like that the  is not so tall and it is not creative enough. Anyway, I learned how to start my creative way: even the s can become a ! I am so sorry that I can not look her or his picture normally so it is hard to estimate this work. But I see she or he spend a lot of time and energy in this work and the "T"  is good in 5.66. I can not give a right grade before I see the picture.It is obvious that boots will be more stable.You are so smart.After compared with some other published s , I feel mine works  was just okay, Mine T value is passable, but I  I can do better with improve the  height and appearance , if I could give it more attempt and patience.Wow, you do a good job. Because you consider the T value at first, you are good at ing. However, it is better for to  it differently,building the tallest free-standing  with the smallest number of s means that the fewer s can contribute to a higher T value, so you can increase T value by trying to reduce the number of s in the first step. In addition, I do the same as you in the first three times try, but then I change my mind into making a higher T value with fewer s. "At first, I have to approval that I complete the homework by myself using s of my families, and the  is stable. But , unfortunately, I  there is no surprise in my work,not telling a story , not showing my feeling , not representing something.My works need many improvements.Firstly, it doesn't look like a  after comparison of others'. Secondly, I just use the s in the  box to finish the homework, which means the materials of the  are limited. The boots in the closet are better materials for the base of the . Thirdly, I should ask my families or friends to assist me building the  next time, which may give me more ideas.What I learn from the process is that creation is a teamwork ,not a job done by oneself. Moreover, we should be engrossed in what we do ,not considering the requirement all the time. What is more? Acting is more important than ing, which means the idea will be better during the experiment."It's obervious that you finished it for a long time.But if you can prouvide the picture,that may be better. The   was concise.The golden heels on the top of it were very shining, and the way they put was interesting. I don't know if you had more s, whether you can let it be taller.From your submission, I learn that the heels can be put in such a way which is so beautiful."I  its beautiful from the different colors and shape of arch bridge.it need extra height.we can copy an idea from ancient wisdom."The author thought a lot of ways to make the  tall and beautiful. Even he or she failed to have a good enough T value, but I  the work is great."your  is beautiful and artist . High-heeled s maks some difficult but increase the height of the  . i  The most creative is add in the  High-heeled s.  about the tip of the  i use the same way. 2333good luck "You do some attempts to imporve your T score.You build a strong and wide base to let the  stable.And the boot on the top help you improve the T score.But I  you can not use the lashed s to improve the stability next time.I WAS HAPPY TO SEE THAT THE TOWER WAS SYMMETRICAL.The design was considerably beautiful for the use of the s with fur, so it has well indicated the sense of beauty. I was happy to see the blue color mixed with the white to make the  enjoyable. Also, 7 attempts were made, so the idea of failure in creativity was shown. These are the strengths I  of the submission. I found it interesting because it's beauty. However, I  the   could be a little higher like a  could better be. It's also a little pity that the writer hasn't written a few words to describe the process to build the . These seemed to be a little unconscious. I learnt from this submission that the  could be anything, it could be high, but it could also be a mixture of color and beauty. I could also use specific s to make it unique and impressing at the first glance."Good Job!It's great that you build a tall  up to 114 cm.I wonder how can you make it stable . It is not easy.However,I don't like the structure. It is quiet usual.If the color is rich , it will be better.""Yeah. Well done! I agree with the solid base. I like  your triangle shapes theory and when to stop adding.In fact, there are 4 boots on the ground, not 3. Boots's top is soft, not easy to support s. Maybe you can plug in the boots with each other to make it solid or  put the boot on the top of the .Red color is obvious. I even forgot the color."Your description is detailed. and the  is rather neat. why not  about the shape or color for creation? I  more ing may do some help.Your answer is very unique compare with the others I have ever seen. Actually this "" looks very nice and it does consist of lots of s! What's more, it is flexible because you can zoom in and zoom out of the picture, so is your T value. But I am not sure if it meets the requirements in the instruction. Overall, your work is very creative! I like it!"hi,just talk about my opinions.Firstly,I am surprised at so many s,it's fascinating,and I  know you really spent much time finishing it.The strength of the submission are its height and  structure.as for my suggestions,i  you can make it more neat.Finally,what I learn from your submission is the enthusiasm ."As a feedback provider I am happy that finding great views.And I realized that the process is more important  than the result."First of all well done for being so organized you watched the video early and took time to reflect on the task have go at it took some time off to reflect more and try again. I also like the mix of s and colors. Finally your  seem to be fairly stable as s are either in horizontal position or stuck into each other.I found interesting the twisted arch you created at the top with the orange . Why did you use it only once? Were all the other s too soft?If one thing could have been improved for me it has to be the bottom boots. I might be wrong but I  you could have used them or one of them at the top as a pedestal for your blue s.I liked you  because you have explored a twisted movement in your . There is a feeling of rotation that I haven't done at all in mine. I also really like the arch. Thank you for your hard work. "I can't see the picture you attached.Probably it is a good  and you learned much,I gave you 7considering that your T value is not very high and the  is not very beautiful , i would give you 7.5 point~ good luck~!NIce picture,I do like your ,pretty elegent.You are right,the boot is a very good idea,makes your  beautiful and taller.I have to say that your  is still a little small,you have the ability to make it bigger,make it higher!I have learned from your  that one should find sth special, sth much more useful than the usual.The student also is to have idea, tonal sense degree is not strong, but the   height 2 points, 1, aesthetic creativity size 2.5,The grade I give it is 7. I  it is a not bad s . It is 100 cm, a shining point of his, I .The s  looks like a small mountain, it is  interesting. In my opinion, her or his s  in chaos a little, if it was built more orderly, it would have a better consequence.Thanks."It was visualized to use a ruler  measuring  the  height vertically. Much to my astonishment, you made use of  37 pairs of s unexpectedly. That was amazing as same as the height of the !And your structure kept in the same hue on the whole,which appealed to me-----Do  all your families like khaki  so much?ok, It was just a joke! And, I suggested that it would be more prettier if you changed some other kinds of colors. Somehow, your attitude to the excersies had taught me that accomplishment  were within  attainment."it is very high, and very compact. I can see in the picture that,  there is a curved line on the left side of the  . You can keep it balanced , so that is impressive. Third, I  you can use some thinner s , such as sleepers to put into triangle, they are more manageable. I suggest that you add some colorful s, that seems to be very beautiful. Finally, from your experience, I learned the successful application of the method of triangle principle. I have tried, but failed. I am very glad to see you so successful."Wow, you did a great job! your  is almost as high as me( I mean my body height),LOLYou also made a beautiful shape, especially,  I like the idea that simpson character eat a slipper so much!But I  the number of s are too much, that reduced your T value. Maybe, you can try to use less thin s or use boots!Anyway, I learn a lot from your idea. Sorting s by weight is a good idea, and I'd like to try use the funning picture of the s next time!""The color of the   is very beautiful,especially the top of  made by pink slippers.The shape of the  is also very unique.Judging from the picture, I am so sorry to find that one of the  is by means of the force of the window which is not allowed by the assignment.From this assignment, I  my  is very traditional, I need to pay more attention on some creative shapes."Well it was a inspiring work and I love the process. It's a bit frustrating to see people mostly did much better than I did.Timberland is the strong basement~!But maybe you can try more s at the bottom to build the strong basement,that you can make it higher .And try to use more kind of s~!Learn from you :strong basement .Thanks!"hello,just talk about my opinions.I rate it 7.Firstly,the strength of the submission consists of its simplicity,no more fancy and make me feel good. of course ,it may be not very creative.Thenyou'd better change the angle you take pictures, only in this way can I see the full extent of the picture. Finally,what I learn from your picture is the  beauty of simplicity.it's great.""Oh ,the T formula is very high! I have never seen a higher one, so I am shocked when I see the T formula, and it has a high level of aesthetic value for its shape.Secondly, I am interested in the method that you take advantage of the string to consolidate the , it is interesting.However, don't you  that your  is too low?  I prefer a higher one and I  you can do it better!From your building, I learn I can get knowledge in which time I play with the s. Maybe some useful idea is just behind our playing!""1 the picture's good, but it's a little regretful that don't have enough s to make the  .2 it can be seen from the process that the author is a logical er"sooo cool! This is the first time I saw the job with the design drawings. Good intentions of your design, draw very well, very creative, thought to take the s with boots and T values with a little high. Your complete detailed planning, also after some calculations, to protect their success rate. I want to ask you, have you thought about the design done to try it, how difficult, the success rate will be. In general, you do well, I like, I'll give you 8 points"Common very good.To build a solid basis, put the s's sideway on the ground.I still  that there are some ways to make the  higher.I need more time to practise."I am glad to evaluate your woks. Be confident, well done! You had a clear idea in this process. You put quality were assigned to different locations to make the  more stable, it is a good idea. You put different quality s  to different locations to make the  more stable, it is a good idea.  Lacking of resources, it can not express full of your idea.  If you have sufficient resources, your   might be better than now.  I thank you can build   by different kinds of s and different colors. From your photo,I can see you are a seriously person and you do lots of different attampts.The most instresting is you obtain a high T score from photo 2.And most of the photoes are very beautiful.In most of them ,however,the struct is not a .Because most of them are just one layer.You can try it again.It's obviously that you have done a lot work on it! Nice work! But be attention to the guidance of this home work: try to build a  as high as you can! Although your  may be more brilliant than the normal ones, but when we talk about the height, it could be a real problem.I basically love the triangle  at the top designed by myself. High-heels are real beauty. And I wrote so many words to describe the process. It could be good or bad both, but I was impressed by myself :) The colors are ugly, though. I could have done better if I trusted myself more and I have neglected all the instructions about the "T" and the height. I could have revised it to be more simple and unique. From What I saw with the other submitters. I am pretty happy with what I have. I am goal oriented. After reviewing other people's results. I got better ideas. This is telling me the beauty of the collarboration."I rate your   a 7First, your   is funny and wonderful.I was surprised that it is so high and you only use 11 s. Second, the pink cotton slipper on the top of your   is interesting.You must spend many time finding the pink cotton slippers in the summer, right?Third, I  the   should be more colorful and it may looks more beautiful. I also suggest that you can put more s at the bottom and then you can build your   higher. In my opinion, s are sold in pairs, so pairs of s are perfect.Finally, I learned that build a   need some high s, such as boots, high-heeled s and so on."7 out of 10.You done a great job! It's amazing to see your  .The stability and decoration are your shining points.But,frankly speaking, your T value is not that high,it will be  much better with more thought, patience and attempts.The structure of your  and the awareness of decoration are what i should learn in the future.Thanks for your awesome  !"U did a very good job!Your   is beautiful for its colors. And you are very patient.I  you can give yourself a higher point.But if you could try to make your   higher,it can be better.Anyway,good job!""Your  is steady and high. The structure is simple and I like it : ) We got a high value of T through this method. But the structure can be improve by changing the arrangement of s . Go ahead and try it!"pretty good!your   is very beautiful!And the idea is creative!Come on!!i will give you 10 point.it's a very neat and firm  . But you can measure it more exactly and using the T Value to assess your work. "It's surprising that you only use three s. The T value is really high and the description of the process is good.The most interesting thing for me is your three s.To be honest, I don't    should be made of only three before.However, it is not challenging. You don't know the joy to build a high .In the end, thank you for your idea which i did not thought of.""I  it's a beautiful s , there is only 1  at each level especially at the base which supprise me a lot.However the height of the  is not as high as I expected.Be simple, be good."I  I need to improve on the designing of the structure of the   for I didn't spend much time on it. I used the most regular way to build the  without hesitating. After I reviewed the works of the other students, I realized that my carelessness on the structure has affected my T formula.  your  is very  beautiful. you consider the design and collocation.so surprised, you do a lying .very funny .I also hope some day ,your  can stand .I GIVE 8(grade)I  it is attractive and creative.The s are  different so that the  model is cool.I  if the s can be more orderly,it will be excellent.I have learned that if you want to success,you should  be more patient and creative.To be honest i  i can do better.But this week i'am too busy,i'am very sorry about it. "Postive:trying to build as tall as you can.Unique: i am interesting about  thow you attempted to insert one  in another,it can be stable enough?Revision:Write more imformation,for example ,why you rank 8 yourselfabove all :i give the mark 6.5""Other students watched a job, give me a lot of inspiration, especially that slipper s take up the , is a good idea. For me personally, it was a good experience, from the beginning to the plan, the actual operation, the ideal and the reality is that there is a big gap, but in the hands-on process, also came up with different ideas . I hope my thoughts can also help to other students, there are certain to inspire others."Feel good about my workbut I don't  about as many as others.There are excellent people,so I need learn to work cooperatively"Well done! I see a real   which has three floors, and different floor, different characteristic. Maybe, The first floor named Steadiness, the second floor named Colors, the third floor named Top. First of all, the wonderful part of this submission is that you used the contents what learned from Week1 in practice. 11 efforts, Experiment-Fail-Learn-create, Yeah, its the Intelligent Fast Failure. Additionally, during the process of building  , you wrote your remarks for yourself on a paper, Yeah, its Idea Journal. Of Course, there is nothing to be better than learn in order to practice . Secondly, the interesting thing is your thoughts. You were always ing about how to build a taller   from every attempt, and summarizing which parts of the   need to change as well as how to change. Obviously, this process displays your creativity.Then, a suggestion is that, if you can give it a beautiful name or a different meaning, this   will be better.Finally, from this submission, I realize the process of attempt is the process of creativity, in fact, better efforts and more attempts mean more opportunities to reach success. ""I  this is a good job as the large number 34 s, OMG!  But it should be better if it had beautiful structure and color assortment. ""1.I use several s to build a high  so my T number is high.My   is stable because of the wide foundation.2.The green filp flop on the top of  is conspicuous,also,this  is artistic.3.The picture is unable to upload so I cannot watch the picture,what's more,the modes is single and cannot reflect the creativity better.4.Be more challenging,more creative. "Due to the given image links can't open, didn't see the appearance of the  , unable to evaluationCan I admire it? Incredible! It's just like our Chinese Taiji.I  the top should also be put on a higher .The height of your   was amazing! It would be great if you uploaded a photo. Also thanks for your inspiring idea - why haven't I thought of that!It's amazing that you reached a T larger than 7. The idea behind the  is quite clear and you really did a good brain storm. However, I have no idea how you concretely built the  with the absence of a photograph. Maybe you could describe the details more specific, including the type of s, the order of the s, and so on, so that I could learn more from your fantastic work. Have a good time :)"First, your  has a Solid structure, and it looks like a real . Next, there are something Colorful on the top of the , it's interesting. Third, it looks just put the s as high as possible, have you ever  about make it other shape?finally, you've done a very good job!""It is nice of you to take the thought of the game ""jenga"" into account and I believe it is safe to build a high  . If the pair of s on the top of the  were upright, the height as well as T will be increased. Thank you for your design""Positive:I  I have bulit a quite high  and it seems like a beautiful white foundtain.Unique :I  I make well use of the length of the sRevision: I am limited in the traditional defination of the  and therefore,my design is limited.Educaiton:Think more widely,do things more creatively and deal with detail more carefully."You have tried so many times! And you have been ing a lot during these trials.I'm interested in the shape of your  , like a pyramid? Maybe you can try different kinds of s, flip-flops, boots, even high-heels.After evaluating the two students work, I found myself in the highlights and inadequate. My s  can be considered quite innovative, but there is no way that people  so much like the form of self that this aspect should be strengthened. I want to continue to work hard in the next time, catch up with other students. I believe I can do it.You are the first person i see who can use High-heeled s so greatly.I cann't believe it can be such stable  with High-heeled s before I watch your work.Maybe it is not tall, but I  it is very  strength and beautiful.I would like to say you have showed your strong ability of  stacking things.I believe if you have more s ,you would build a more beautiful .Your work was so colorful and cute! It was great! From your description, I can know that your family was strongly supportive during your work. Its so warm. One suggestion I would like to tell you is maybe you can use less s to make the construction neat, which will decrease overall height of the construction, but maybe it can increase  T-value. Well done, I really like your work!This work is filled with Creativity,I  it can be better if i had paid more attention in detail.It looks quite stable and won't collapse. If you insert one of the top pair into the other one, I guess it might lead to 15 ~ 20 cm higher."you just stack all your s together, and you don't need to use all your s !!!secondly, my suggestion is that can you insert some s up rather than simply stack them ? You have more s so you can make your '' more nice, that does necessarily be tall... as I  beautiful is more important than the height..."Maybe you did a nice work,but I didn't see any photo,And your description of the process is not in details."It's a good work you have done. You have used 33 s. It's not too many, but you put them high. Your T Value is almost the same with mine."Im satisfied to the height of my s ,thanks to my long boots.It looks like the lower part of human body,but a little scary. It isn't steady enough.I should pay more attention to its stability,not just the height.From the process of making my ,I learned that small task doesn't mean simpility and easiness.First of all, you have done a good job because you finished the work with limited resources and you tried to make you  tall, beautiful and creative. However, the s  seems not unique enough, you just piled the pairs of s one by one, which would result in you low values for your metric."This s  is so high! The form of this  let me  of bonfire,well down!I feel has some s at the bottom of this  is useless.I  you could use is to add the 's height.A question,Is it socks on the top of the s ?Or baby s?"WOW, it's amazing that you found so many s! The  is brilliant and I'm sure you had a wonderful time in building it up.  I  it may be a little more stable if s with the similar sizes and shapes were put into the same layer. Anyway, you did a good job! Keep enjoying the class :)The   is high, and used only 18 s, so the method of building it is good. And you only made two attempts, it shows the stability of the  . But on the creativity scale, this method isn't very creative, there are also better methods. From your submission, I learned that there are ways to make less mistakes and to reduce the time of attempts when facing problems."First,the student have tried.When the  full over and over againyou made it again and againyou is a man of perseverance.It's important.Secondyour s- is general.I  he can try use that slipper and boots child.Sum up,your works and spirit is very good.""Positive: I used some clever skills.unique:changeable stylerevision: i should have thought more ways to keep balanceeducation: i have a lot to learn""Positive:Beautiful !You managed to build a over 80cm-height  with 17 s.I must say that was amazing!Unique:You put a pair of baby s near the ,which impressed me much,for you made the 's height more vivid and obvious.Besides,you apparently thought over colors,well done!Revision:I noticed that your  has a sturdy foundation which used 12 s.I have to say it's a quite expense,maybe you could adjust the ratio to use less shose.Education:I'm touched by your contrast of baby s and .Personally I took this course as something more academical than anything else,but you put affection on it,even named your (it's a lovely name by the way),so it give me some inspiration.Thanks a lot!""Firstly, in my opinion, two points are much more wonderful. One is the design. I put four high-heeled s on the bottom, which makes my   slender and elegant. The other is the color. When choosing the s and building them, the aesthetic factor is considered. Therefore, if you see this , you will have a happy and beautiful mood.Secondly, the unique aspect of my submission is that, I not only build a show  but also create its life. Most interesting is that a pair of kids s are nearby my  . Parents are tallest and greatest in their children eyes and hearts. Also, I believe that it is the same as the baby  , in contrast to baby   heart, parents   (which is made of parents s)is the tallest. And then, my show  has a beautiful name,   of love.Of course, I will improve my   if I have one more chance. I will attempt other styles or designs, I hope I can reach a higher T value.In this practice, I also see others  . It is found that everyone has his own thoughts and knows what he want to display.  Each   has his specific characteristics. There is no the same two s, for each one have his own creativity and imagination."I don't  the higher the value of T,the better your   is.It's really beautiful but I  using boots may can't show your creativity.As far as I am concerned, my T value is big enough, and the  looks tidy and structural. In addition, the interesting thing may be the boot, which makes the  taller and adds the T value. However, the  doesn't look beautiful, which is not considered when I built the . Lastly, I find more details about my  and my ing of building a   when giving a feedback.You   is high, and you rated your   8 points on how beautiful it is, I  it must look nice. If you  can take a photo I can know it more clearly. The building in the picture express the idea of how to build a  .I am interested in how do you keep balance on each flat side? I hope that I can know about the process and what you have learned while there weren't any.I  more efforts will help you learn more from this course.To begin with, the  was built logically. A firm base is very important. Besides, one interesting thing I found is that many different kinds of s were used. In addition, the  could be more creative, and it can be built in many different ways to make it taller and more beautiful. Finally, what I learned is that logical mind is good for creating, and different people has difficult ways to creat. "I'm very glad to see your work, In my opinion it is very high.At least I can't do it,only using a pair of s do base.It's good.I learn a lot from you,patience, enthusiasm,seriously,you can do better. .Finally, my English is bad  So,a lot of words can't express Just write these.I give you 8(grade)""You have done a very good job!And you are very confident.Definitely you are creative,keep on moving!""Positive:this submission has a stable bottom and he insert the slippers into the s to make it higher is very smart.Unique:we  all know boots is very soft so it's hard to make it stand well,but he fill other s in it to make it stand straight .That's very good.Revision:You  can try to follow some others example to make the T-value higher and find some bright color s can make the  more beautiful i .Education:the unique i said is something i learned from him, it's very smart to do so i .At least i never thought about that."generally speaking,you have done a good job because you finished the work with limited resources and you tried to make you  tall, beautiful and creative. However, the s  seems not unique enough, you just piled the pairs of s one by one, which would result in you low values for your metric.Nice and a good work. It seems that you can reach 75cm in those limited times and it's brilliant for you. When you finding that you don't have that many s, maybe you can change to another method to fully used these s, and find the balanced point between the solid and the height :)?First, my   is high enough, I am satisfied with that. I took the weight of these s into consideration. I found that when the heavier s are at the bottom, the  stayed more stable. So I put the heaviest s as the base, and stack lighter s on top. Layer by layer, the lightest s went to the top. With this design and strategy, my  is in a balanced way. The other advantage of my   was that I take advantage of their "entrance" to make the  as high as possible. The entrance of the lower level  stuck the up  tightly, and the top  stuck the even upper , so on and so forth. So that's a success. The point I am not content with is that the  is not colorful, or beautiful enough.i should have arranged the color in advance to make it look pretty, like an artifact . In addition, I did not use boots to make the  even higher, that's the plan for my trail in the future. I have learned a lot from this   exercise. First of all, I utilized my plan skill to generate five plans, though I only chose three of them to implement, as I preferred these three. Among the three plans, two were successful. Second, I learned to  in holistic way. In this exercise, I thought about elements that affect the a success of  , like the weight of each , how firm the base is, what to do to make the  balanced. In a word, ing, or creativity, makes me feel happy and fulfilled. I enjoyed the experience.I  you did a very good job.Putting the s on its side was a brilliant idea!And I noticed that you used boots to be the base,and less heavy ones on the top.It was great,too.But on the other hand,according to your description,your   seemed easily to fall.Maybe you should used more s to create a firmer base.Anyway,your work is fascinating!I surely learned a lot.Hello!I thought you are a people of high ability,because you just tried 3 times before you reached the height of 122 cm,which is very high for me.And your basement is very solid,so I have to admit that a structure of quadrangle is really a good idea for a tall  ,which I haven't thought of for the consideration for a high T value.In addition,ending with high boots is a very considerate and creative. Hey,why not make more trials?Do you still remember the IFF?I believe that you are sure to make a higher  far more than this one !Be confident.You are creative than you thought of and the   is not that ugly.I learned that I may not have to concentrate on the T so much when I want to build a high  .It was a great piece of work. The structure was creative and colorful. But I  you calculated 7 pairs(14) of s so the T = 11.43/2. You were very confident about yourself, so you gave high evaluations towards the .  But I might leave them lower since you deserved more chances to improve."I can imagine what shape of your   is cause i've seen someone use the same way. For me it is a easy to come up with but hard to give some further improvements. But i  your self-evaluation is kind of negative...you are better than that indeed.I gave 5 for the beauty and 5 for the creativity."Your s  looks good in hierarchy or structure, this is your advantage. Interestingly, in the seventh layer, there is a  oblique line, not looks so balanced as that for the layers below . As the  comes to higher levels, it is balanced again, amazing! the s   has a sense of hierarchy, and is flexible to change into another display mode. I call it  the  of  twist of fate! About your s , if you can tie the laces hidden, your work will be perfect. At the sight of your s , I felt so sorry for myself, because my first trial is very similar, It only stacked up to the fourth floor and fall down, then I gave up the plan. I  I'm not careful, the key of each layer is not found. Also not enough patience, a failure to give up,  this is wrong, but you did it with success! I'm proud of you!I  my   is strong and stable, I am satisfied of that . I am interested in the process of trying , althougth it is challenging . Having watching others' submission , I  my  isn't colorful enough and my  is too short . Form this experience , I have learned that mistakes are my teachers !A really neat and beautiful  ! And must very stable.From the progress of making the  I can see you are very clear and organized.But as you said you also need to spend some time on color matching to make your  prettier :DThat's really like A ! Very nice!Use the same kind of s that's I learned from you.It's easy to control them."I was amazed by your creation, you did not strictly follow the guideline of the task but let your imagination wonder, added some color and radius constraint and created a beautiful geometrical structure well done!You work is obviously unique as you went further than the task. If one thing could have been improved, I would say it is your timing, I am sure that if you had taken more time to reflect and made more attempt you could have created a higher shape with the petal aspect at the top instead of the bottom.Finally you have made me realize that focusing on the rules is not always the correct paths. My other peer assessment had a better ratio than yours yet, I got more exited about your project. Thank you!""Do a very good, use a lot of ideas. I am very fond of""Good gob.Your confidence is very importantDo you have access to refer to relevant books, to improve the success rate of experiments?""I  my T formula is very high! I am proud of me. What is more, my  is very high.Next, I  my  is very symmetry, diffusing the sense of beauty.However, I admit my color is not fairly good, I may take into account the formation of colors the .In the end, I learnt a lot about how to get experience from failure, and as a feedback provider, i saw a lot of good works and I  I can use the string to make it better!""Well done!I love the  soft surface theory.But the  has a big bottom, and a crooked top.if stable enough, I guess you can put another  on the top.Soft to soft, and hard to hard to make it stable."I don't  my work is good enough, and after I saw other people's work, I believe I could do better. My creativity is showed in this task but not much. And considering the lack of beautiful s, the beauty of my  is just fine.I  my structure in the  is done well.And I  if I have more s I will do better.I am interested in the modeling of the .But I don't like the color matching in the .If I have more blue s I can do better."I cant figure the gender of this architect, so lets suppose he.PositiveHe has a clear guiding ideology: to build  with lowest possible resources and getting highest possible height to attain better metric value at the very beginning, I  he made it.Unique:Highest  with lowest number of s, T=12, cool.Revision:He didnt share any further explanation of his endeavor or the process he had been through, and some of the questions are still remain to be answered. He talks too much less. Guess hes been so busy.Education:He takes advantage of a boots and puts a pair of leather s in it to make it stand, two sandals are lightly pointed on its top makes the  more higher and beautiful. He moves towards his goal. Goal is important, like a blueprint, it would lead the way forward. "First of all, I have a happy feelings when I was reading this lovely mummy' story.I can imagine that her  was very colorful and also very interesting because her  was supported by her hole family. I can feel that this mummy is a confident one and of course as her saying, her  was loved by her son.Before built a ,  about some excellent building in the world is a very nice. We can be inspired and we can create more ideas. And you might try your another thought, you may build a more satisfied . The lightspot i  is the blue s. The blue color bring fresh feelings. I  practice intense do not means creativity, if you have some new idea and execute it is enough.The students can  things from life, and the idea to build the   is also very good, taking into account the color of s this factor. But your attempts are too small. While,factors to consider while you are relatively small. It must be better if you can make an in-depth ing of your work.As for me, I  that I should learn from you about creative."oh,dear.Why not leave me at least a single sentence?I guess there're four s in the bottom,like a flower blooming below,which is great.Two slippers on the top remind me rabbits ears,it's so cute.I suggest that maybe you can try some geometric figures to make the  mor beautiful."I like this   idea. She doesnt have a lot of s, but she was able to build one with a much higher T score (since T score is the way of measuring success). She is very goal oriented and use whatever resources she had. She knew how to take advatange of the resources as well by leveraging the length of the s.I admit that the T value, I didn't  too much, I only focus on the beautiful.I didn't do too much try, as if things are going well.I  if I try a few times, there may be more excellent results.This seemed like a very well-built and sturdy . Like something that would stand for a long time, if needed. The only thing I wonder about it is the use of the stool at the bottom, since the  was not supposed to use anything but s. Did you include that stool in the height of your ? I did see a number of other s in the forums using string and other items specifically mentioned as should not be used, so I suppose it is fine. You didn't give very much information in your descriptions, such as how many s you used, or the ratio. Was there a reason for this? I'm not sure what I have learned from your submission, since you didn't give alot of information, and it makes me wonder why? Just something you might want to consider for next week.  I  you could pay more attention on this.So that we can learn from each other.It's good that you have down this interesting work. However, you may should have more than one attempt because it's interesting. You can find more creative things while you try many times. Just as the professor say, failure study. By the way, I also laughed when I saw the picture, it's interesting. Good. I  I built a creative ,it looks interesting and strong enough actually.And the T value shows I make good use of my 6 pairs of s.However,I  the description and revision are not detailed enough to show the complete process,my English should be improved. Firstly, I am sorry that i can not you photos. So i have to understand your idea by your description. Triangular structure of the most stable, from this point of view, I  your idea is very principledTriangular structure can make your s  more stable. It is a good idea. I thank that it is very interesting applying physics knowledge to  .There is a problem, did you consider using different the kinds of s allow your structure  more stable ? Making your   more colourful with different colour s?  I am glad to evaluate other worksI get some new ideas form these works that I have never thought of .From your words ,I thought you are a confident and beautiful woman.Without any doubt that your   is really beautiful and stable.And I really like the flower you add to your  ,it make your  more lively .You forgot to count the value of "T",in a word ,your   is really brilliant and amazing."By looking at the other students homework, I feel that my s   lack of originality.My ing  have some limitations.I always feel that   will heap. Solid is important, but break through the bondage of usual learn to innovate is more important.To make more creative work, "This   is inclined.Center of gravity will be unsteady.This is a lesson"Wow, it really caught my eyeballs  at the first sight. You made  good use of your limited number of s(I assume you just got 4 pair of s)  and the   is very high.The  is beautiful and the way you organized your s is very creative. Well, here is the ""but"".I  if you were  given  more s , it is not easy to add any more s on your  , because that will lower  the stability of your , so my suggestion  maybe you can reinforce the foundation of your .By the way, I  you may get the instructions wrong. The T value equals to the Total  height in cm) divided by (Number of s, not pair of s).   At last, I have to say I really love your  , you did a great job. Hope you have fun."This exercise is very special. It give me a different example to  about one thing."   Great work It's a interesting ,Especially the flower top of the !  I observe you enjoy the game.I  it is very important. The more you absorb in the project ,the more creativity you have.    About process,it's not very clearly.Maybe next time you could add your plan  details or how to find your plan.It's very useful.    I should learn to you.When I begin to do the project ,the whether is too hot. I just make a  and finish the project.Next time I should try to absorb in the project just like you.    Any way ,It's a good start ""I'm surprised by the ""high heel  base"", it's difficult to arrange this type of s, and it must be constructed by a girl.Your  lean to the left side of the picture strongly and still hold its position, amazing.As you referred, this  is not a ""tough"" one, and  not very tall too.Your work inspired me in one way, and i will try it out.  ""First, my   is pretty good. It is interesting and stable.Second, it is interesting that it is a little bit inclined, just like the Leaning  of Pisa.Third, I  the   is not colorful. I may use more different color s. It may make my   more beautiful.Finally, I learned that the more you try, the   would build more beautiful. And active sports s can make   colorful."I like his ideas, although the T value of s is not very high, but my pile of s look good. I liked it, but I should pay more attention to the height of the , the  pile too much time with the s, did not achieve better results, read other people's work, drawing on the experience I have, I hope next time I can s to do more, I give myself 6 points."Positive: Amazing! It is the first word that I shouted out when I finished downloading you photo. I have never thought about the way of top-to-top and bottom-to-bottom. It is just amazing! The long wellington boot? I dont  it is cheating because everyone knows the long boot is the best choice, aha.Unique: Wellington boot. It is unstable when I want to put the last  on the top. But you did it because your top-to-top and bottom-to-bottom way which gave the  a stable base. It just like a funny dream but you did it! And the wellington boot make your  to be more beautiful.Revision:Is it end? Why dont you make the  to be higher or, more beautiful? I believe you can make it higher! You can do it. Just look at the  you made, you are the person who is creative. And I  you can also  aesthetically. My own experience is when I stopped ing to be higher, out the box, started ing how can I build a beautiful , I became happier and happier. Physics taught me how to build a stable and high , aesthetically taught me about feeling freedom and creativity.Education:What I can say is, maybe the IFF can help my mind when I want to do something. As you said, you had 2   types, and you did try. What you learned is you didnt have enough s. And you also knew when the  was higher than 72cm it will be wobbly. After the fail, you finished it as a stable . I try, I fail, and keep trying. You said it is natural for you to throw bad ideas away quickly. But which idea is the good idea? As my point, the  in your photo was a bad idea, until I saw you made it! Maybe, maybe it can come ture, it is the greatest thing I learn from you. Maybe the IFF is a good skill to be a creative person.I agree with your idea about the best  is an important element of building. But how to use usual s for building is based on your own idea. We had the idea first, then we picked up the s, and then the building started. The material and the idea, just like the day and the night. This is what I learned from your great work and my own work.""I  it's a beautiful s , there is a perfect ballance.However the T value is not satisfying, and the  use 8 s instead of 5 pairs, so the T value is not correct.Combing the vertical with the horizontal can make a higher ."Due to low s, there are some operation problems, combined with the problem of space, etc., to make the s ideal height, the  can't pile self-reported beautiful degree 3, level 3, creativity, size 4One picture is hard to know your design well. You should take more pictures to record your result especially the structure is complex.  I  girls' s are more suitable to finish the job. They have different shapes and colors. A black  is also very cool. Your  is like a Christmas tree. The high boot is like the tree trunk, and some s are hanging on it while other s are under the tree like apple. this submission is very critical. though the   is not high enough, but the T fomula is good. I can see the submissioner is very careful about this assignment and he makes unambitious comment on both  himself and his .I  my   is not high, but it's a very good shape and color. I wish I could design a better work."Well done.You not only completed the assignment perfectly, but also paid much attention to the match of colors, which is a tough work. As we can see, you balanced the color and made it harmonious."Great! you design a beautiful It is creative and perfectI agree with you that we should learn to compromise.It is difficult to build a  that is tall and steady."Positive: nice tryUnique: wider foundationRevision: try other structures,see the forum.Education: simple way works"Solve the balance problem that let the s vertical on the bottom layer. ideas appear when you have problems, when you desire to solve the problem. The amazing thing is the cuspidal  placed vertical. The upper layer can be revised more taller and artistic.I  my strength is detailed description of my process.And my shape of  is equal.The most interesting thing is the idea that came to me suddenly.Also,my work needs to be improved in many aspects.I  my 's color is not attractive and I can use more colorful s to make it better.By this way,I can understand my work better and learn more.I hope I can become a lifelong learner.I can imagine the image of this   even without picture.It must be a very beautiful one.Because the student used the same kind of s.But I  the student should be more creative,using different kinds of s can improve that,and be more challenging.Triangular structure makes the  stability.This is a very common mechanical structure. However, the structure of the  is simple, inflexible. If I tried to use different structural shapes, the  will be more attractive. However, due to limited resources, I can not make my   more colorful,  I feel very disappointed. But I thank my   is Unique i love what i did.My  is not high enough and tht'T' is low.I didn't completely know the point of balancing height and artistry.But through lots of practice,I made progress again and again.I believe I can do better even my assinment has already done.I can try after class.After preview other's  ,i find that my   is a little simple.But i  it's beautiful!Don't you  it is like the ancient slings?Also ,i have learned a lot from the exercience like use the diverge.i begin to love this course! I find it colorful now but I haven't recognized it before. I find one of my drawback in this construction is that maybe I used too much s(four s) as the foundation. After seeing works done by other friends, I  I can only use two of them to solve the problem. Use a different way to put my s, but the same effect. Therefore, it can increase the T value for my work. By self-review and two peer reviews, I learned to be more innovate, bravely imagine. And now I really have a whole package of courage to innovate!"There is no differentiation  without contrast. After evaluating the peer, I  I can  make a more objective and fair self-evaluation. I arranged the size and weight of s rightly but I didn't do a good job about  reasonable collocation of  color. I thought about the structure but I couldn't make a a breakthrough. In a word, this is a good try and there are still very large  space for improvement,  regardless of   or divergent ing or creativity enhancement. ""positive:i use triangle to make this  more stable and can afford more s on it.And it also has a very good influence in the height.The two floors looks great i ,and it's hollow. Of course i  it's smart to use some structures to built the .unique:The boots is also great but bad.It looks like a spire of  but i have to admit that it's a little unfair in the T value because it's too high..... And the use of triangle is also a great design.Revision:I focus much more on the use of structures than create some other structures.It's a shame.I should  about some more nice ideas i  rather than just focus on  and the height.Education:After see the others submissions,i am really shocked and find there are so many possibilities in just an s . Everyone is creative . Yes, that's absolutely right.And i can not wait to find my creativity!!"Your   is high and have high T. It's very witty to use boots. Keep on!"First of all,I'am impressed by your s.beautiful s.I like the method up and down the ,and use the height of high heels.From your text ,I can see ,you are really work hard with your  .And have fun with it. So do I.Your   value T =6,is also very good.I am very shamed with my work,I cant'n express my thought and idea with word.You did it well very.Anyway,I like your  ,and I like your words."First, your  has a solid structure. Next, it's amazing to use several s to make it so high. Third, you've do it very well!The shape is different and special. Making the s stand is a good way to make the  taller. But the shape isn't beautiful. In other words, It seems a little disorderly. In short, the way to make the  is good but it should focus on some details to make it better.Hello!Glad to see your work:)I appreciate your simple work with some sense of art.Unlike many of us who tried to keep piling up s with several s(2 to 4) in a level,your work seems to be simple but great,giving people a sense of shining in front of eyes.The shape is great,but if the color can be matched well,it will definitely be more fascinating.I had thought of your way of "inserted the front part (toe part) of the  in the open part",but the difference is I do that to make it stand straight so after I connected it and then found it bend down ,I gave it up.So ,fortunately,I find my shadow from your work.I learned that I should never give up easily and I should keep trying and failing until I reach success,and of course with flexibility.By the way,the pink s made your work bright.Besides,why not try to put a boot at the top?That will make the  higher!So much for this."I  after doing 4 peer reviews, my design is still regarded as beautiful because I carefully chose the matching colors. Its great that I decided to talk about all three versions of my design. In all of the 4 I saw, only one had a talked about failure in-depth. When a description is abstract, it may lose credibility. I also  I did a good job answering the questions in the reflection exercise, I was informative and thus helping the reader to know more about my designs.	As I looked around with my peers works, I  my design is very original. Some of them had designs that were definitely going to come up frequently. Like I have mentioned in the first paragraph, I  the way that I used colors was very unique.	I  I could have made the following improvements. I wrote in my reflection already that I should have had a draft before getting hands on. The first peer review that I did emphasized that point. From the second reflection that I peer reviewed, I learned that I should be more out of the box. The environment of his picture for the  was an office, and the s he used were all for formal settings. I thought it was creative to match the background and the style of the , though he didnt do it intentionally. The third design that I peer reviewed also illustrated that point, she designed a  that she wasnt sure fitted the rules, but she tried it anyways. I  that this shows that she sees the value of this assignment and is trying to be more creative. I  I should always try to be more creative.	As a feedback provider, I enjoyed doing peer review, thus I did four. I  I learned so much from them, their designs have been very inspiring! For me, I enjoy designing with other people, thus any form of group work in this class will be supported by me.""I  my s  is tall and magnificent .And the best part of my  is using the summer slippers.Due to it, I got a high T value and have a top of .I find the shape of my s  interesting. It makes the s  more like to real  to use the  slippers.If I have more  thick s,I would make a taller bottom and it would be more likely to a .I believe it would be more beautiful if I take use of colorful s.I learn if I have an idea, I should keep trying on it in a variety of ways.And how to take full use of  limited resourses.I find we have many ways to build a beautiful and steady   by comparing to others'work.And I realize I can still do something to make my  better refer to other's .""Pictures did not open, I feel a little regret, but by reading the build process. I feel very good, have a positive, there are bad, are realized. Come on together!""I  it is great that he treat the assignment seriously, such as spend time with friends discussion and willing to try it in different ways. And couple of things are very unique, as his friend mention that I like the L-shape base and middle pyramid structure. I  may be next time we should ing about the ideas before asking for support, and then ask for someone else idea so we would not influence by other, and then we would have a brainstorming afterward.Team is always very powerful, I learn 1 + 1 > 2, and innovation need to spend time to communicate, watch, experience.""Wow, your   is so special and interesting!Though the s you used were not that much,but you did do a good job!And what you  to build the   is very different from me.Keep on moving!""My idea of projecting is very awesome, and I was very excited when I came up the idea. Actually, I tried only one attempt to build the , because I simulate the scenes using some other attempts in my brain, and I also had seen the pictures of the other students, and I found that it was much more efficient. The process didn't have to be very intense. However, I would say only simulating in my brain is not very feasible, because I couldn't predict the real effect correctly each time. I tried only one attempt, because I didn't have many s that could be used.  I  I can spend more time on the process of practicing next time. ""positivethis  has a good shape that makes it look beautiful that's great.The color is not so many and  bright but have  its own charm.unique:the orange s is putted in the middle of the  which can attract people's attention and make it not very dull in color that's a great design.revision: i didn't exactly understand what is ""finest Adidas flying buttresses"".And the T-value is a little low.You can make some change in that such as:you needn't use too many s in the middle to make the s stable.Sometimes the  is hollow but still stable and more beautiful . Hope it works for u.Education:we need some excellent point to make our design have a very good improvement sometimes"The done well part was that   built by pair s after another pair. This submission interested me about thugs games which was test response capability.My suggestion is put one  into another 's hole, that would be taller. Only when you see someone else's  submission, you can know what your submission can improve"Excellent, as we can see from the picture you provided.I can see some very creative ideas like using men's s as the base, putting the lightest and longest boot on the top and so on. It is very happy to see that you not only completed the assignment perfectly, but also concluded some brilliant thoughts.""Your data is amazing! I can see that you are a self-critical and reflective person, I am sure that you gained a lot in this process. Your T value looks great, pat yourself on the back!	I  what you did with the pair of brown s is unique and creative. I havent thought of that or seen it in any design. One small concern is that, by doing so, how will the stability of the structure change? You said that you didnt  the structure was beautiful, but I  it fits in well with the environmentit is creative in a way, maybe it was unintentional for you. You could do like a set of  s with different environments and use corresponding styles of s to construct s. 	Looking at your base (the pair of s on the floor), they are a little stretched, dont you ? Maybe you should do something to strengthen the base; your total height should increase. 	As a feedback provider, I  I learned from how creativity occurs unintentionally. There are times when spontaneity rules over endless hours of planning. I  it is the beauty of creativity, it has inspired me"Using galoshes to be the foundation is a great idea. The shape of   is interested me. But the picture of   looks a little flat. I  maybe you can use more colors and various structures to produce layer effects and create visual tension, and then your   will look like Sydney Opera House more.  Very creative  . The value for the metric is high. But it is difficult to make it higher, isn't it?I  it is very pretty and creative.The unique condition is that he put one  in another one in order to make it taller.If he can use more colors,it may be more attractive.I have learned much creative things from he.Where there is a mind ,there is a way.Come on,you can be better."P: The strength is that the student is intense and has tried many times. The  is well-done as well. And the  is quite high.U: Some of the s were placed in an erect position, which is harder. The image of the  as Effel  is also special.R: The  is not very beautiful from my perspective, Though the idea is great,  the  is not that elegant. The student may improve it by using some colors or placing the s better-organized. Besides, the T value could be higher.E:As a feedback provider, l learnt from the peer's design a new method of placing s. And I have learned a method to assess my own work. "Hi Classmate, a very nice try on your s ! You reached the height only use eight s, this is very clever and I believe your attempts for 3 hours is definitely worthy.  "You are not able to take a picture.And I  you did not do be serious for this homework .I want not to say anymore.""I thought you have certainly prepared the most beautiful s for this assignment.The red high heels attracted me especially. If it could be the lead of the  , and place it on the top, the work will more attractive and narrative. I  the colors and structures are very important part of visual sense."I can imagine how beautiful your s  is. I guess this idea is from skyscraper. I  it may not so stable but i sure it wull be spectacular ones. It will be better if you upload the pictureYour   is very tall  , but i cam't see your worksVery pithy work and detailed description. I should learn from you probably." 8I am really appreciate what you did.You are hard-working,trying to build the  constantly is very diligent working.Postive:Your determination and perseverance.Whatever your parents argue with you,you insist on this project and try 11 times.You also have divergent ing.You noticed lots of aspects:color,size,height and so onUniqueWhy don't you persuade your parants to do with you also your friends?I also what to know how do you improve your own design during the failure.Revision:You can raise your friends to build  together,continue your own perspective of shape in next attempts.Education:I learned we should using divergent ing and convergent ing together.Above all :I WILL give you the mark 8."I  my  is  simple but colorful. I need do more try.Well, it's not easy to build up a  from 3 pair of s and I did it! The  has a clear structure showing a kind of concise beauty. I had a good time in doing the exercise. And by peer evaluation, I learnt more from my fellow students. Just previous students' work, I feel very ashamed.Although I have tried many times, and spent a long time. But whether in appearance or attitude, I feel ashamed of myself.I'm just to finish the homework, but ignored the many details.I'm not very diligent to answer the above questions,and I would like to say sorry to myself and everyone.If the full mark is ten,I'll give me only 4.You seemed very time-efficient in builiding the  with so many s. I believe you can get the certificate with distinction. O(_)OFirst, your   is creative, and you know, it is tall enough. so, congratulations to you! You are so great! Second, you put the one of s into the pole of , it is interesting! I like it. Third, I  the   can be more higher. You can put a pair of s in the top of  instead of one s. I  everyone has his or her own creativity. Funny! I too built a visually tall  so this seems just great to me. You know high heel like this is literally called I-hate-the-high-sky in Chinese  like you are challenging the heaven. really smart.  I wonder if you took the picture of Taipei101or used a picture online? If you took the picture, great job. If you used the picture online, you may give credit or link.  Anyway I like your idea of one--. I'll give 7.5 if I need to grade it.It's good.You designed a so creative -Town.It's a  style of  french romance,I like the style.If there is a spire,it wil be looked better.And I  that a pair of brown s is better to the white one.I learn that a good -Town not only need a creative idea,but also should do well on the color of the s.In my opinion, this is a unique  , he is doing well considering the stability of the  side of the , he used heavy s as the bottom of the  makes the    is not easy to pour. Therefore   is relatively high. I  he's unique in that the bottom of the  is very athletic s. Another is to collect a lot of data to take the s . I  he needs to improve the aesthetic look, for example, with some cute s, beautiful s take the . My reflection is the stability of the  of his s was difficult to take my s s encountered in the process, and that I should make full preparations to him."First,you did a good job.then,I want to say that I'm not a English native speaker,if I have some mistakes,I hope you could bear it.thank you.And,I read your note,I  you studying hard.you used smaller s , sneaker s and heels,then give the right roles to them.It's very good!In the end,I want to give you a suggestion that you could use some boots which can make you  higher.Thank you!""It's a perfect works. You has used more hard s as a  triangular foundation. Use the least s to make it be the most stable configuration. Especially like structure at the top, a bit like a lightning rod , it can add some height.There are some idea, maybe you can use basketball s and running s make up the first or second floor. and then make one slipper wedge another slipper. One by one. Finally, you will get a structure like a moon gate.First, I should find some good point of it , then find  something to improve. Second, must be objective, and I will find some better idea to make something more perfect.""Firstly,I support the idea of using  boots for the base,which makes the base solid and can increase the height of the .Moreover, wen can find that the student put the least s on the top of the   from the picture above,which can increase the value of t.The  on the top interests me, because the student did a collage on it for his sis a few years a go.Therefore, the  becomes unique and meaningful.However, I have a suggestion to the maker that u can put the heaviest s on the bottom, the lighter s in the middle,and the lightest on the top of the . In that way , I  the  can be much solider and higher.From the process of giving feedback, I know that we should use all s in our closet to complete the assignment not just using the s we wear in the present season(eg.  I didn't recall of boots during the process).. What is more? We should give some meaning to the  which can tell audiences some story."Wow!!!The first eye appears this is really good!My creativity scale is 9,because there is something could be modified.For example, why not try to erect on the boots,it would be higher.In conclusionbeautiful lady doing beautiful things.Positive, thank you for your share, I  the triangle is better too.We have the same experience for this exercise. make a number of s to stand and support each other is very difficult, but it's also very interesting. I  with less number of s to reach as high as possible, and both aesthetic feeling Is a way of ing.P: The submission had lots of details with illustrations and shared with friends as well, very good job! U: The interlocking design was very creative! R: The model digram is a scenario, so that the structure may collapse in real attempt. E: I would also know prototype is very important to a creative design process to test what we imagine.I like my way of using the heels.s from mom,dad,and me.This  is just like my family.My English writing is really limited,so the describtion maybe not much in-depth.and I could do better if I tried more times.As a  feedback provider,I  back the building process and learn some new ways I never thought from others.Compared with others works, my  's color is not beautiful and its height and T is not so big. But its pointed top makes it look like a real . Through it has a little art element, and I just try to build a normal , it finally comes like a real s of the middle ages. After seeing others  , I found that when I create a new works, I should pay more attention to the appearance of it. That is what I should learn from other work.Compare with other students' works, i  I have done a good job.Because I have got a bigger T, and my final work is beautiful."Hello.I'm so glad to see your . When I see it first. I  it is so tall and looks so steady. I  my  just lower than yours.You built your basement steady and built the  body was fit. You use less s build the high !I found the interesting things that you can use a pair of s to build a layer by the s' flank, good !But in my opinion, the  can be built more layer?   After all, a pair of s was built as a layer maybe unsteadiness. And I  the s' weight are the important element of building the . If the top of the  get more heavier thing, it must fall immediately.Anyway, in your submission  I can learn that the  struct is more important. Because of it can save the material and make a high efficiency."The   is stable as my sight.It's grateful.The top of the  is unique. "I like this symmetrical  .^_^   It looks beautiful because of the symmetry.It's interesting ,just like a walking  at the first glance.I suggest that you can add some colorful s on it.On the other hand ,maybe you could try to build up several versions in your mind.Boots help a lot to make it look good.Put some s tightly in the middle really make the  more stable.Thats what I learned. "All in all , the whole s  has a beatiful shape , to my frustrating is that it is not so tall . the work is so imaginative that if I have more time to  I will do better.When I first saw this work I was surprised.It can do thisV  effectively improve its height.I  the shape of this works great, except for the color."You are not able to take a picture.And I  you did not do be serious for this homework .I want not to say anymore."I chose a strong base-a pair of boots to balance my .And the boots looked like feet of the robot.That made me thought of Iron-man.But i  if i built every level strong enough will be better.In my building process,the s on the top could easily fell down.That did trouble me a lot.Using the imagination to create,i ,is what i learned.Your picture can't be showed , maybe what you have submitted was so big that could not be showed by this study system.  In addition ,your answers for other questions  were simple and I suggest you would do those better .The   looked more colorful and made you happy at your fisrt sight. maybe it was not that high ,but i loved the idea i thought at first. For, it was unusual in some ways-----its color matching,spectral hue and shape. However, its height need uplifting. The exercise has taught me that you can do better than do 'best' even though it is a bagatelle. She was organized when she built the . She was done well not only in the higher of the  but also the appearance of the .I leaned that  I should  more and try more."great~I like your  so much. Symmetric issues always attract me!Thank you for your time to build up the beautiful  that surprises me. there's a little suggestion for you.The  looks great on one planebut it is not so gorgeous if we look around it.It would be perfect if it can still be nice in 3-D.Sometimes we are not able to see a clearly way or structure about our work,what shall we do?The answer is what you told us,just do it and learn and improve through failures.""In my  , some s are useless..  i see some simple  just use 8 or10s but same high as mine.but i am try and work ,i am happy.."Originally, I feel that my work is good, when I see that more students have a better work reminds me of an old saying in China, learning is endless.My work there are many areas for improvement.At First glace, the   is a stable structure. By Comparison with other other outstanding submissions by peers, the assignment by myself seems a little bit mediocre. Maybe I should be more creative and try harder. However the focus I put on is different with others, I put more emphasis on the balance of stability-T value. SO I  I get a stable structure of  .  I like your design at the bottom of the triangle.I  it will give you the above each layer provides a good foundation.I give 7 (grade)"Great work A interesting  You process is very clearly! It's useful to review your plan and your mind.Maybe you could be more creative next time.Triangle is a static mode but it too low .Anyway it a great start!""Its pretty good! T value of the  is higher than me. I  that the base stucture of the  can be more beautiful. Why not change the structure of the base? By Chris,China,2014/7/27  Mail: Chirs_Yin1995@163.com"The height is high.But you didn't have the metric.And didn't give yourself a rate.You should pay more attention.You can do it well."Positive and Unique : wow... Unexpectedly,you use the stability of  triangle.I  it is quite creative,but it failed at the beginning maybe because of centre  of gravity.              And the T is high....your s just too long....I also  not many people will choose these sRevision: To a certain extent,I  your parent's words is right, it seems that it is not very beautiful......the color are all black....it just need more color                What' more, the top  is too long and not beauty ,I  it can change to a more beautiful  Education : In fact, is not a straight line, it can be a triangle or square,your just need to creativity.More important,no matter how beautiful the  is ,or how high the  is, we still are happy because we enjoy the process of building the  and reaching the attempts. That's what I learn "Through the process of making the   , l learned many things and stengthen my confidence.Comparing with other's brilliant and ingenious  ,I noticed the shortage of my production.It lacked beautiful structure and innovation.I found that it is really a interesting thing to do something by myself.After looked many other people's picture ,I found that i had made a mistake when i made the   which i put too much attention on how to increase my  's value and overlooked the  's structure and art."1. The using of ankle s increases the height of the .2. Almost every  is in good condition making this  shiny.3. The structure of this  is a little boring and straight. 4. Putting some s upside down may improve the balance of my ."It's a good work you have done. You have only used 10 s. It's not too many, but you put them high. Your T Value is bigger than mine.It's really tall! I can't see how many s it used but it can reach 80 cm! Besides, I  it's creative to use slippers and stand it against the wall. From the other hands, I  it doesn't need so many s to make the base. Maybe stand more s can make the  taller. I was limited by the sports s while neglect many other choices. I will try to  broader next time. Well done .I  you are a good  student and  you have tried many times for the    .Of course your picture is very pretty ."Wow, very creative to build your own  Eiffel  . Regardless the height of your  , I like your idea. I  the essential part of this assignment is to be creative not to care too much about the height. So I  you have done a good job.""wow,first I want to say the picture is beautiful,I hope it can be create in real life.and I'm not expecting you can make the connection to the WWII,you make me feel astonished and sad(because the WWII),but you are very good! I have a suggestion that if you like, you can make a real s ,it's interesting too!then,I want to say that I'm not a English native speaker,if I have some mistakes,I hope you could bear it.thank you."NOT So Funny but impressive. IT seems to be the simplest way to get the T. The only thing one would  about is to manufacture a high rubber  in this submission. It's also one way out. I had to say boots were a brilliant idea!But when I tried,boots seemed so easily to fall.I couldn't see the whole picture of your  ,so I can't see the lower part of your  .As far as I can tell,it should be hard to make the boot stand alone.I  you did a really good job.1)I can see the s 's owner build it seriously and carefully,and this s  is higher than mine.2)He has 3 different way to build this s  and it seems to be a firm .3)The number of the s is a little big.4)In summary,this s  is a good work,and I  next time I should take more time makeing a plan,"1.First, I am so glad that you enjoyed this assignment and found lots of fun in it. It's good for learning.2.Your   maybe too low(not much high),and you haven't calculated the T value.3.I  you should be more creative and try more times.It could be more challenging if you  more.Here is a summary of Chinese students'   photos.Perhaps it can give you some new ideas.http://mooc.guokr.com/post/607116/"From the pictures, you must be a nest person.The s are clean, ha ha. I admire your perseverance and patience. At the same time, this kind of your responsible attitude makes me ashamed.Trying again and again is to represent your spirit. Your idea is  original, but the s were used too much.Generally speaking,If the full mark is ten,I'll give you nine.I love your work."You used a different material - plastic to build your show  and it's beautiful. But one thing has to be stressed that anything else except s could be used to build your .I learn that asking help from others is important.""I'm glad to say your  .I'm surprised that you have so many s.I  you may borrow s from many friends.The   that you make really need perseverance.And it looks good.Keep moving!"Good Job. Not only you make full use of the s, and the   very beautiful."it's a good idea to take the advantage of the ski s as the foundation which made the whole structure stable. The symmetrical structure seems beautiful for the majority of people. But it seems more stiff than lively or changable.this made me to see another method to do the  ."Firstly,this s  is higher than mine and its value of T is a good achivement  too. Secondly, he made the s stand on end it can add the height.thirdly,I thiink he can make the s  much higer and more beautiful.In short,I can learn a new way to build a s  from his ,works.good job.I'm sorry for I can't open your picturemaybe It's large and it is broken.But from the description of yours,I  it maybe magical.I  you sucessed at least your wife like your prodution.It's amazing your T reached 8,but I  if you worded 10 minutes more,you could have a higher T."Hi! Your design is the most stable of the 4 that I peer reviewed, good job! You mentioned that the number of s you had were limited, you have done a good job with limited resources.	I find it unique that you prior goal is stability, the others that I have looked at and my own all didnt make that as our goal. I am sure with more s your  would be higher.	While your structure is extremely stable, I  you could make a few improvements. I  you could add some artistic touch to it that should be nice. The pair of s that you placed on top is not as flat as the other s, but maybe its a little heavy to be placed on top, do you  so?	As a feedback provider, I  your design has made me  about this project from a different perspective, thanks! Different goals in designing will arrive at different results, it may seem very simple, but it helps make the process more efficient."I like your  s as the shapes looks quite creative and very tall.    You put in quite a bit of thoughts into building the  s.  I totally agreed with your own ratings.  There is one suggestion I would like to comment.  I just thought you may "" too much.  Sometimes you could simply look around what you have and your creativity will be developed out of your surprise.  Enjoy the class! "I can see your effort on the assignment.maybe you can try make your  more beautiful more not like a .its just a suggestion. And maybe you wil change a mobilephone..good luck!""Positive:It's quite simple and easy to understand but effective.The color contrast is good,white in the top and black in the bottom.Unique:It's unbelievable that the  is stable when it presents a curve.You know i even screamed when i saw your work for the first time.Revision: I suppose that you could change a way when the  begins to swing,however you didn't.I guess it would be better if you have  shaped a zebra style.Education:I've learned a good lesson from your work.Sometimes simplicity can be powerful if used properly.I tried some complicate ways,however it didn't work. I acknowledge this feedback.Hoping you to contact me to make friends:this is my e-mail address:454858493@qq.com""Your   is amazing! It is the most creative one I've ever saw. Will, I'm interest in the how the idea you got, because the welly s are almost disappear in my life so that it out of my memory, but  it is a useful tool to make . Which remind me that any possible thing is the chance for innovation.All your  consideration in construct the  is perfect but the color matching. I know it's hard to give consideration to everything,, though if you can make it you would  success. ""your picture maybe dead.. i cannt see it .. but i see your words maybe your can try more times good luck!"Well done, you have finished the mission. It looks like a  and have a strong base, but also the base could be consist of less s.I do believe you did a very very good job.what a colorful decoration!I never thought to use those unfitable s to decorate instead of to support.Moreover,the boot in the peak is absolutely impactful.But for my part,slipper is more unfitable than football s for a higher .Anyway,I like your work and your last sentence in the description of the process.There must be something beautiful in life details.As a  feedback provider,I learned some new ways I never thought before.I appreciate you still insist, after many failed to build  of perseverance. When I fail, I want to give up. I see the middle of the  have two sports s, this may be the most important of . I  we should put them on the bottom. If each floor with only two s, will not let T value becomes higher?The student was trying to make the   higher.I  that's what made his/her   less creative and less beautiful.But obvioulsly,he/she got the height and T value he/she want.That's amazing.I  the top of the   is the most interesting aspect of it.I've also learnt that it's hard to make your   beautiful and with highest T value.The   is quite symmetrical, and it looks beautiful. I really like the idea of playing card . It would be even better if the  is higher. I am very impressed by the "playing card " idea."Congradulation that you successfully built a s  without other support! And you could use the theory which is used in building a card . You are smart!Besides ,if you want to build a more beatiful , you may could borrow some colorful s.From you work ,I  I learned that we could base our new project on some rules or theorys we already known.At last , thank you share with me your good s !""Positive:I  it's good to make reference to the  in life Unique:Solid, well-matched colorsRevision:Just as you said,I also  you could have tried more and I firmly believe that you will build a better one~Education: You remind me that  I also should make some reference to the things in life~"The color design was the strength of  ,since the most bright-coloured s were on the top of the .The interesting aspect was the way the toppest  standing. I  if the s were soft, you can put them in the way that the soles up .  I learned from you submission that the  can stand like this way which is interesting and making the  taller. I am glad to evaluate your work. Your   looks very  beautiful and colorful.  And photo helps me  more understand  your idea. It looks like a three-tier cake. Your s column contains three basic structurethe previous layer as the foundation of  the after. Toward the top of the , the more light weight. It is very logical  and stable. Base is very stable, the upper part is colorful. As to take into account the stability of the , the base lose color. Could you change the structure of the bottoms that you can use other resources to enrich your ?"OMGI have Intense phobia.You have did a really really good word,70 s and 105cm.It must very hard to make it balance.You must very happy with your child and wife.A happy family hour."I rushed through this project, even though I knew I shouldn't. I have been very inspired by pictures of s I have seen posted in the forums, and have enjoyed looking at them all!"Although without photo, the colleague used the phrase Christmas tree, which makes it very easy for readers to visualize the design. It would be nice to have a measure to have an idea how tall the end result is, but since the colleague mentioned there were only 4 pairs of s readers can guessimate the value. When I personally did my assignment, keeping it balanced was a challenge thus I  the colleague did a very good job to keep it standing until dismantling it. It would be great if more description is provided for readers to know more about the process in order to give more feedbacks.""The discriotion is very detail and easy to be understood. Though the colors of s are not too sharp, the structure is very creative. I like the NIKE shape of the  very much. My dear friend. I  you can try to use more s to build a  . Even if the lack of color, we can let the  look outstanding by its shape. I used more s than four, but the height was lower than this one."I would like to say,I like your submission,first,you gave me a describe in great detail ,with your feeling ae well.That's good,I like this describe in your submission.second,you also gave me a critical assessment about your work.But there still some problem I want to say,you say you use glue, painting.but I can't see it in your describe about realife.maybe your forget to describe.All in all, your work was good and I really like it."1.You had tried 14 times,that's a lot. It seems you were patient and having fun.2.Your   looks nice.Although it isn't very high but pretty good.3.I  you may look for other types of s,such as boots.And you can be more creative.There is a summary of Chinese students'   photos.Perhaps it can give you some new ideas.http://mooc.guokr.com/post/607116/""your ...what can i say..its little orderless, i hope you will make it more beautiful/good luck !!""I  that  it was so clever.Maybe it can become more beautiful.we need to be able to stretch and experiment in a way that is not permanently harmful."I  I should try to find more s.My s  is too simple.....but the value for the metric is high enough,I .You did a very good job,just 8 minutes, you make your   and it looks nice.I like the s on the top, it's beautiful in this sight.Maybe because of the limited of the ,I  if you can make some special means of stacking,it can be better.Compared with my  , I  I wasted too much time,my first   and yours was mush alike, but I used about half a hour,it's better for me to be more efficient.Anyway glad to see your  !"Well done.You not only completed the assignment perfectly, but also paid much attention to the match of colors, which is a tough work. As we can see, you balanced the color and made it harmonious.""The design is similar to mine. The #-shape structure can make the foundation more stable. And it is useful to consider the material, weight and shape of different s. However, we have a common issue that is lack of creativity. After finished the exercise, i browse many other s, there are more interesting and creative. You may make some reference with them. It should be funny.I admire for your persistence and serious. Marking every result clearly can enhance our progress. And it also educates me. Thank you."Have to say, first saw the  on your s feel very powerful.For your question, I said I do not understand, do not know what you want to ask. After reading your reflection, very much agree with what you said, "there is always room for improvement." You say this is not your best work, and I hope the next opportunity to see you better work.From your homework and reflection I realized that innovation is also a variety of situations, not confined to one space, thank you very much brought.Hey friend,Your s piled neatly,the  is straight,is like you said  'opposed to a heap of s'.You ordered to build the .It looks like a large building in cities.But maybe because of the short time,i  you could do it better and make it more beautiful.What if using different color of the s in different levels?Will it be more artistic? However,from your description of the process I learn that keep trying and maybe i will succeed next time.  :-)"Good job! I  you're smart to use boot which makes your  higher, and I've never thought about it!Your 's shape is slender, and I guess it's difficult to make it stand. But you try several timesthat is exactly Jack's intelligent fast failure,right?Speaking of beauty, I suggest you can try to choose more colorful s or make a gradient  color from black to blown. Anyway, I'd like to try this exercise again by using less s and boots after I saw your idea :)""It's beautiful ! (Forgive me use this simple word, English is not my native language, I just use the simplest word to express: it's beautiful)If you want to increase the value (height / number of s), you can decrease the button of s. However, it will be less solid."In my opinion you have to complete the exercise seriously, which is good. And your s  still looks good. Your s  highlights is relatively stable. But I  you can spend more time to try, so as to have a better idea. In this  , you do not have landscaping, people do not seem to feel pleasure. You can spend a little time to beautify the next, such as with a lace tied into a bow style and so on. My reflection is when you spend more time doing one thing to try to practice. In the case of sufficient time and continue innovation. This will get bigger harvest.I don't  the author take long enough time for this task, and I believe that he could be better.It is a good job. But the color is not very colorful.You a more detailed description of the process of building the  of s. But from your description of the   in the shape of hard for me to imagine it, just know that he composed it by a hundred s. You can build a meter-high - is very good, but lower than the T value. I  you should describe a unique place of your  .Boots improved the height, is also a creative, but the s color is a bit of a single, highly three points, beauty 2, 3 creativity scalethough I can't view your picture ,i  it's beautiful from your describe. i give you 8.Really good job! I love your long gum boots! This is abusolutely an excellent idea! If there is someone want to establish an extraordinary , he or she can just refer to your idea! Talking about the critical suggestion...maybe the s at the top is a little disordered?(just from my perspective) Anyway, I have learned how to exert the long big things dexterously and thank you so much!"I am in China . I waiting half a clock to look your picture .My internet bite is so slow.I am upset very much!"The structure of your  is quiet good and beautiful which matches many basic physics theory. I can see from the picture that you put light s on the top and put the heavy s on the basement. That is a verrrrrry good try. At the same time, i'm wondering whether you can put a higher one on the top so that you can make your  higher. Also your  makes me interested to make a try since in my sense i don't really  it's necessary to put so many s on the basement. But only experiment tells the truth. Can't wait to try. Anyway Great job!!!!! : )I really like the color and the use of kids slippers of your  ! You successfully found a way to provide steady support for the . I would like it even more if you could reduce the number of s on the base. From your submission I learned that a steady basis is the key to a tall  ."WOW!!!" This is my first reaction after see your s ,The two layer structures on the top should be need more patience and skills.Then I  you and me  had use almost  the same method of building,though your s  is  better than mine,especially the height and appearance .I guess the reason is I need more patience and willing.I have got to say your  isveryimpressive,your  is very high and you did not use many s which makes you "T" very high.I love your  because it really looks like one compared to mine.Using  ties is the most impressive part of your work, I will not realize that you can also use ties when making a  with s,great job,I have got to say.The only dis advantage I can  of is that you should put more effort on teh bottom of your , you did not really need so much s, right?Figure out a more common way to do it.I have learned that one should always  more of one thing,notice the valuabe small part.I love my work of  . it is special in shape to some degree. it will be better if the shape has a deeper meaning. creation is not my strength and i'll try to do my best.The pyramid-like shape is really creative.Though I know triangle is the most stable but never thought I can build in this way.But still I'll doubt if the number of s get bigger,will the   be stable?Well,it's a bit difficult to comprehend the structure of your   without an image.However,it's really great to try several times and revise the structures in order to build a more stable and beautiful .I don't know if you mistook the height of your  because 6.35cm is really short,especially when you spent 19 s on it.First of all, I feel that your  is very secure.And the pointy design is so perfect.If the color of the   get a little bright,it will be  more beautiful.First,I  you keep the   symmetry very well.I can't make it forever just by some pairs of s stacked up.It's amazing.Next,I am interested in how you can make your   not falled according to your painting.Speaking to your painting,you mention the color usage but I just saw some simple stacked s in black line. You said you just  tried 4 times to create your  .I am sorry to hear this.I regard it just as some s not the  .Maybe your real work is well,but from the painting I can't see everything but just some kinds of s.I  you did this exercise seriously.Maybe you haven't so much time to do the exercise or not,I wish you do better in the next  exercise.Good luck!"That's smart that to imagine some other games and picture to inspire the assignment so there is a real visual to work on and compare with. As a creative master mention that innovation is creative something other people didn't do before. It is interesting that many of our classmate submission (including me, basically male) don't have high heel  and colorful s. I would suggest the description should be more detail in this case as the picture would me upload, such as how many s in different layers, and help others to see the picture clearly. I learn from both feedback provider and forum that actually there is quite many way to build up a  , and every individual wouldn't imagine all the aspect, therefore team work is important to the innovation. "Great! You made a so high  with so little s! Admirable! I  the process you make the  is good. You have attempted several times and have different ideas.But the 's appearance  isn't so beautiful.Maybe you can choose a various color of s.And  more of the other.88"The structure of your Show  is really amazing!! Also, the idea of the sortation of those s is very good. You are really focused on your project. However, the process might be too intense, and maybe the other creative ideas can't come to you when you are under pressure. From you I learn the spirit of never giving up. ""1 it's a real  , that is good, and the value of T is high2 it can be more beautiful""Dear Adriana, There is nothing wrong about getting a good work in your first attempt, so do not feel bad about that. Now I  the importance of the creative process is the reflection, and you did well by creating a strategy to built the higher .   "you are so creative to use specific s that there have specific characteristics to help building the most high .i would like to see how much s you built before you found to find the most appropriate s for stability and altitude in the final ."i find your s  very structured and well built. Your anaysis of how you reached the structure you opted for, is interesting. Have you tried using your last s verticaly? You mentioned in your description that having so few s, you consider T irrelevant. Is not the opposite? Have you tried stacking your s in a more vertical way?I have a large family, so we used many more s (42) and we could reach a hight of 130 cm. We used a similar structure than yours, but we found that if we placed the s less tighted together, que could have a more stable . Beside that we found that it was better to place the pair of s side by side but facing in opposite directions. The collapsing factor was crutial, becuase our  was gaining weight very rapidly, so we needed to consider to place the hardest s first.We found the excercise very fun. Doing it in group open a lot of possibiities for exploring and experimenting. Some times we found that we were to concenred on ""keeping the existing   on place"", and because of that we constrained a little bit our younger boy who was trying to help. We should have palyed a little bit more."Its the best   ive seen, :) it has a sinewave with the Nike s :)"Dear someone, I found you clearly in your  , with that I might say that I am not talking about the old and ugly look of your s, I am talking about spontaneity, genuinely, free ing or something like that.  The T value that you got is low, which reflect very little effort on that, but it was really fun and unique to see your . "I  that the best part was to take some time to analyse the way to organize the s before start to build it up. However, I did stick to unreal rules that close the rage of opportunities to improve the structure. I never contemplate the opportunity of using the s laces. A fatal error in a creative activity or ing process is to have unnecessary bias. "First at all, I apologize because my english is not perfect.I would like to see the , in order to see the colors and other things that you did not described in the text, the other thing that I would like to see was the description of your attempts building it, your failures or something like that, but the important is that you made the exercise, and I hope you have learned of your failures,.I liked it because you used the equation T because being truthful I did not use thisThanks"Amazing job, i also thougth doing mine with a row of on  more that the pair of s, i did the same in the part of using the heavier in the bottom and the ligther at the top it works really great, as gor the future if it involves sending pictures i would take care of not crooping anything that makes part of what i did. Great idea to include your son in working with you on the assignment, a great opportunity to enjoy time together and be creative. Nie you included the two s in the picture, Maybe you could add some more information related to the questions asked to get more value out of the experience."You did a great job by allowing yourself to try and fail several times before deciding the final structure of the  (""first 2 s, then 4, .... and at the end only 2)   It is also clear how you learned while doing the  (I could put only one , and my  could grow faster).This process of learning brought you to a unique combination of a solid based structure and artistic vertical top, with more points for height.  This combination took you to a good T value.With the knowledge you obtained at the end of the exercise, what would you do different if you had to do the  again?  Your creativity style was somewhere between a practical-structured approach and innovative not-so-structured artistic approach. I would grade your creativity higher that a 5, since the color has more to do with the beauty than the solution to create a tall-.  You did a good job! "I  you got a good result in the T formula and I find something interesting and creative how you decided to put the  on the side of the . However it seems that the  leans slightly to the left so it would tend to lose its stability."A colorful  with good height. It's a plus to have it next to a common object to compare how tall it is. I agree on the matter that its stability depends on its base. The value of the metric is challenging, and invites us to design a taller  with less s. Depending on the resources available we need to rely on our creativity to achieve the best possible and let go of paradigms.Best regards."Its a good , it could have been taller just putting the sandals into each other.It is clear that the starting point was a single  idea, and creativity was how to get the . Creativity might be ing different types of s."In theory, is a colorful  using that brand of  with good height and It's a plus to have it next to a common object to compare how tall it is. Keeping in mind that its stability depends on its base, it is necessary to test the 's resistance and array for this work by prototyping. The value of the metric is challenging, and invites us to design a taller  with less s. Depending on the resources available we need to rely on our creativity to achieve the best possible and let go of paradigms.Best regards."It looks great aesthetically. Compared with other peers, this design has a larger number of s and more height. But maybe I used more s for the structure than I needed. I should have removed the s left in the center and put them on a higher level for a better result in the T formula. I do not  this change would have taken stability to the . "Dear colleague, Your  exercise is very tall with the use of very little number of s, beside the simplicity that you mentioned in your reflection is perceivable by me.  One thing that I really could not figure out, eider in yours or mine exercise, concern the importance of failure or number of attempts in the creative ing. Well done.   ""Positive: I congratulate you because this  is unique and I know you used your creativity for building this and the other  that I like is the mixed of the colours.Unique: I find the model of  very interesting and unique like I saidRevision: I don't know if you could used more s for building the  taller maybe using the same model but using the others  pair of s like a base.Education. I learn that, the only way for making a  isn't solid you can make it like an arch"Looks like a solid , you should have tried to give it a more solid base and then o thinner in the tip that way you could have made a taller ."I find your creativity worthy much more than a 4. The  looks very orderly and overall pleasant. I find interesting the choice to dispose the s in layers with different orientation to obtain a more robust design. From my experience, I suggest you could try to couple mechanically the s. Your work is a valuable alternative to my solution, that did not came to my mind."That looks beautiful! I like the intricacies of the component pieces connecting and coupling. If you wish an higher , and an higher T value, you could try to explore the possibility offered by a pinnacle. You explored some mechanical coupling I did not dream of. Great job!Your answer to this assignment is definitely creative ing, interesting for me that there was no specification regarding how to measure height so without a question .. very creative"I loved the s you used! The  you built had an abstract kind of look which made it look aesthetic and fun to watch. I liked the last  hanging, guessing it gave balance to the  and also character. However, an important part of the challenge was to build the higuest  and probably by letting go the last sandal hanging, you coulkd have achieved an aesthetic  with a higher number of s to height rate. From this feedback I learned In my own   I could have used better looking s which made the  look beautiful and at the same time high. ""I realized that solving a problem implies making decisions on things that might be one against the other.  By putting the s horizontally you gain structure and support but loose height, on the other side, by putting the s vertically you obtain height but loose structure and stability.  I presented two s, since from the exercise it was not clear the objective.  The instructions implied height, but the T value drove to a different direction.I understood from this that I have a ""somewhere in the middle"" approach to creativity, choosing more to one side or the other depending on the objective."This is a  that clearly shows that an abstract structure could be stable, a unique   with different type of s. Even though, I prefer a structure based on organised forms and/or objects this  reflects a "brick by brick" methodology in which the only plan is to improvise or improve on the way."Dear colleague, Thank you very much for your submission, I found it really interesting. Your whole exercise show a lot of interesting reflections starting by finding problems in order to solve them, and the questions you are making by Eskimos s. Besides, I agree with about the relation between the number of attempts and the success; in my exercise  using a lot of boots- I got in my first attempt 70cm with 7 s, I forced myself to do better, ing that maybe if I try something else I could improve, but I did not. So at the end, I believe that the reflection process means more to creativity that number of attempt. I will give you a 10 as you suggested because of that.  "I find amazing how the  can stand by itself, it's very thin and quite tall. It would have been interesting if you expalined your 3 three previous attemps to give an idea of the creative process."Dear colleague, Thank you very much for your submission, I found it really interesting. Your whole exercise shows a lot of interesting thought. I find as well that you captured the six attempts you did and what you learned from each one, I have no doubt that it was the process what helps you to get a good T-Value. I  the , and the use of triangles is clever and gives beauty to your structure. ""You did a very good exercise by analysing the resources (s) you have and how to use their characteristics (sturdier first) in solving the problem.  It was also clever to use the laces to give some more structure.  The lower s provide stability while the ones on the top provide beauty.  Yours is a practical approach to creativity.The T value you obtained, however, is not very high.  You used the s in horizontal position to gain structure and stability, but by doing that you lost height, needing to use more s to reach the 41 inches.  A vertical  on the other side, would have more height but less stability.From this exercise, I learned how our creativity style influence our decisions.  People more into practical creativity would prefer solid-stable horizontal block structures even if that means more s, people more into innovative creativity would prefer less stability more artistic vertical structures."The explanation of the building process and the attemps made before the final  show how you solved the difficulties as they arised. Aesthetically is difficult to expresss an opinion, I would say that the  looks "flattish", althought it's tall.High and T  factor where not too bad, and the pinnacle shape is definitely interesting. Some more varied material could have been helpful in improving the construction. I learned to try to  in a way different from the obvious one.It is an interesting , but exercise instructions were asking the tallest  possible. However, the combination of many models of s of different colors and different heels, is very good. Very creative.I really like the fact that you used a boot, it gives you a lot of height with only one . its a shame the boot is so weak.  I find also funny the orange  on top, like a cherry.  I  that you could have done a bigger , you only used three s, so im pretty sure you could have done better. I  you opened my mind, i didnt  about using boots, although im a guy. Hello there! Your  is really cool, yours is taller than mine! That was very creative that you used s from people from your house so you had more variety. Congrats!I imagine it looked really great with the two colors that you picked, the way you picture the process is very clear i also had one  that kept falling and was because it was like bent to one side and makes the  fall to that side (it was boot, and i may have kinda give it that form that make it fall to one side) for the next submissions i  if you don't have the possibility to send a picture try to explain more for the people be able to imagine the exercise closer to the reality of what it was or is.Definitely it was a challenging  taking into account that the used s were a mix of heels. Even though the shape of the  is a little different from mine, I did have a similar analysis of the structure for the . Moreover, I  that taking instant action on the building bring a faster frustration, this might be the reason of having constant discoveries each time you try to improve the . Love your ! You did such an interesting job, I did a more "common"  but as I watch yours I realized there were different ways to make the same task. I also liked that you used colors in your .I liked my  , I used different types of s and tried to make it as taller as I could. I just evaluate some peer and I found a  that was really nice, it look much more creative than mine and I love the way that person accomplished the task. That makes me realize that I should  more "outside the box" and try to make s a little more creative :)"You are two tough with yourself when you say your   is not beautiful. It is! You constructed a very solid and interesting structure. You avoided using ""modules"" in each layer, so you opened the possibility of your  to become diverse and to reach a very good height, very rapidly, and very economically in terms of number of s.I have a large family, so we used many more s (42) and we could reach a hight of 130 cm. We used a similar structure than yours, but we found that if we placed the s less tighted together, que could have a more stable . Beside that we found that it was better to place the pair of s side by side but facing in opposite directions. The collapsing factor was crutial, becuase our  was gaining weight very rapidly, so we needed to consider to place the hardest s first.We found the excercise very fun. Doing it in group open a lot of possibiities for exploring and experimenting. Some times we found that we were to concenred on ""keeping the existing   on place"", and because of that we constrained a little bit our younger boy who was trying to help. We should have palyed a little bit more."I  it is very funny you used your mothers s, but I was looking for the picture and I  you did not upload the picture, it would be nice to have the picture. In regard of your question about the metric, they mean the vale of T, in your case it would be 6.3 cm..( 63/10). I also  you are very short of description about your calification on the .I appreciate that you be honest to explain the process and the mistake when you don't read the instructions, however i like that you have a concept to inspire building your  "that's original" for next exercise it's important reviewing the instruction  to know  limitations, that will allow you to challenge yourself and find other unusual solutions.many colors, shapes combined to get the assignment done, unfortunately a blurry picture, a very nice excersise with simple materials to concentrate and try to get creative, also the feelings involved specially when a higher reaching  fell down, kind of frustrating but still fun. Suggestion .. to try more different concepts and take the time to take better pictures. Also interesting to review other piers and see how different ing and views can be.. the request of giving positive views first  does give a great kickstart to the reviewMuy inteligente usar botas fuertes y altas para lograr una torre alta. Es una torre muy simple. No fue hecha de una manera creativa. "The  wasn't colorful due to the s available, but it is important to keep that in mind when designing. The T value inspired me to design 2 stable prototypes keeping in mind its aesthetics; each foundation is different for each prototype despite its height. To achieve the highest T value was challenging because beauty and height were opposites. It is important to assess your work and have reference values so you can be sure your in the right track when running tests.Best regards. ""I really liked that the creation of your   had some investigation behind and some of your personal life and your personality in it. Although you had an inspiration to make your  (spiral) the same process gave you the chance to create your own shape. However, the challenge not only included aesthetic but also height. You s to height ratio is relatively low. with the number of s you used you could have achieved a higuer . From this feedback I learn in my own creations I will try to do some investigation prior which can give them a theorical ground. . "The name of your   is very clever and the way you place your s by category was very appropriate for the design. It was a good thing that you had the design of your  so clear from the beginning and that help you manage your idea despite failures: "liking mistake" I guess."I have a large family, so we used many more s (42) and we could reach a hight of 130 cm. We used a similar structure than yours, but we found that if we placed the s less tighted together, que could have a more stable . Beside that we found that it was better to place the pair of s side by side but facing in opposite directions. The collapsing factor was crutial, becuase our  was gaining weight very rapidly, so we needed to consider to place the hardest s first.We found the excercise very fun. Doing it in group open a lot of possibiities for exploring and experimenting. Some times we found that we were to concenred on ""keeping the existing   on place"", and because of that we constrained a little bit our younger boy who was trying to help. We should have palyed a little bit more.""Very nice ! I like specially the top in shape and color, looks like a building, strong in the foundation and pretty at the top.I believe I wouln't change a thing I like it like it is...maybe with more s could be nicer and higher, but I really like the color scheme you used...it never occured to me, so thank you for your nice work!""I like the kind of  you build, layered seems a very good choice and makes it different from others I saw and even myself.It would be nicer if you could rotate the photo, it took me a while to find out how your  was build up, and maybe with more attempts you could have manage a different style, or a higher .Thank you for your project, I have learned that I could have also done it layered by styles and more horizontal than vertical...it looks very nice to me.""If I could use 2 words to describe this   I would say minimalistic and abstract. It's interesting how people's interpretation of   can be so different. When I  in a  , I  of a structure of certain height but this one perfectly complies with the requirement of the assignment. Very clever.Considering the fact that this was kind of a game with your children I would have challenged the  more for the fun and see if a higher  could have been achieved (  of jenga, hehe )What I learned? That more than an assignment it was taken as an opportunity to share and have fun with loved ones. I didn't  of that me made my  alone...:-(""I loved the fact that the   was made out of different people's s and from difference generations. When I see the picture as a whole, it resembles a Christmas tree to me, specially because it is crowned with a silver sequin flat. I can imagine the family gathering around this  handling their s and having a great time and awaiting for the moment they could finally knock it down.The design could be improved in terms of symmetry, having the s aligned in certain ways to achieve beauty in its own way.Finally, what I learned from this one, more than an assignment or tasks, this activities can be fun and create bonds between people.""My  is very high and I like the top with the pretty boots, I believe that the height makes it special and also the lace technique used to keep the s together, I  maybe could be nice to add some more color or a different kind of structure, maybe a little bit wide or with ""bridges""I have learned to be critical on my own work and that I'm also creative even though it seems like an easy project, I have learned a lot from these experience.""Nice high  . The highest I've reviewed so far (you're my fifth).Definitely looks nice, sturdy, symmetric and simple (it's not just a hill). I wouldn't really say it's not beautiful, we aren't expecting a Christmas tree :DWhat you could have tried is sticking the s inside other s (or not, if you don't want to get them dirty from the inside). It's a firm construction, might have got you higher with the number of s you used.I like the way you used the running s, it was exactly the oposite of what I was doing. As running s are light I've put them at the top. Might be I should have tried the opposite.""Hello there, you're  looks extra weird. It looks like it was impossible to do it. I can't believe it's standing. :DThere's definitely a weird feel to it. Seeing other s, pff, this one is just some crazy  of crazy.I do  you've might have used  laces to improve your height but I guess it would be a mess.I love the fact of the  injection and running s. Light building blocks with this method really improved your ."I find this 2 times for building very good. The way you started it looks like it could be much more higher? Take Care!"A very nice description you've got there. I do like the approach. It seems that a little more thought has been put into the process. It's the first time I've seen something like this and yep, the  does look pretty.I do like the fact you used a sturdy approach. It definitely helps during the construction.I do see you used a lot of horizontal stacking. I'm not sure if you'd like to dirty your s but you could've stuck other s in the foundation, probably increasing the height.I did have a problem with building the  when I approached the high levels. So your sturdy method definitely seems useful.""Well, quite a high  you got there. And I do like the creative detail at the top :D I would say that the  is pretty. There's some color and symmetry. I didn't expect a Christmas tree :)You did seem to stack quite a lot of foundation which decreased your T-score a bit. You could have tried sticking s inside of them (or not, if you didn't want to make them dirty), that would provide a firm structure and would be a form of vertical stacking, instead of your horizontal one. One thing I didn't try using are the  laces. Might have helped, at least that's what I was told.I do like the fact you used a very tall boot to boost your T-score, it never occurred to me :D""Lots of lady s. Who would have thought that it was possible to do it with such lightweight material. Definitely a nice example.I do love the ""stick a  in a "" procedure you did there. First I've seen out of 6 I reviewed.I have nothing to complain about. It is really a good  . But you could have maybe tried it with more s. Still, very high T score.As for the beauty part, we can't expect a Christmas tree, still, it's pretty, symmetric and composed of mostly lady s so I would definitely grade it as a pretty ."I like your approach. Best thing is that you understand that this should be for fun :) I also tried to make base of the  more stable. Take care! Common', this makes no sense at all. It looks like I have reached largest "T" among peers I assessed so this is cool :) "Your   was very beautiful. There are colors, symmetry. I wouldn't really rate it five, I'd give it a 9 or 10. Definitely the prettiest I've seen (you're the 4th Student I'm rating).I do like the fact that at the top you stick the s in the Star ones to get a higher . This might be the approach you could have used with the foundation too, to gain more height.Using the boots for the foundation was something I used too but when I realized I needed more I didn't position them as you did. It might have helped with my balance problems :D""Definitely a nice high  there. You seem to have accomplished a quite large T value given the  types you used.I do like the approach of s being turned around to provide a better foundation for the next level.Although you've explained that boots do not provide a good foundation you could've tried sticking some s in them. That might have given you a quick push to the higher heights.I do like the fact that you've used the boots to increase the height. I never quite tried that with my .Congratz!""Thumbs up! I would rate your creativity 10+. I really love this idea. Moreover, I must admit I havent even thought of building this kind of   - it is really unique. On the other hand, it might be arguable if you really built ""the tallest free-standing "". But according to Oxford dictionary ""stand"" means also ""to be placed or set in an upright or specified position"". I would also hide the laces. :)This   showed me another new point of view. "This   is amazing! So effective! Only 15 s in total hight of 90cm - that is brilliant! This is the highest  with the highest T ratio I have evaluated - I'm so glad I did, because you gave absolutely new perspective and things to consider when building such . It's neat, effective and even artistic :) I liked that you wisely thought about the weight of s and its shape. I wonder if you put those slipper s alternately (something like braid) if it would allow you to build even higher  but stable? Well, maybe this design would not be possible with classical s with flat heel. Or maybe, have you thought about doubling (tripling) the base of the ? Well, reviewing this assignment was real fun and I'm really thankful for your approach because it inspired me a lot. You did a perfect work, good luck with the rest!Very interesting and non-conventional design! I was very pleased that I was able to come of with new ideas to update my strategy to build higher and higher . What pleased me more was that I was able to keep the number of s [even to decrease it few times] while increasing the hight of the . I would definitely suggest to keep going with experimenting because I had the feeling that I might come up with and even more progressive ideas but I got tired and stopped after four tries. On the other hand, the time is always limited :) Assessment are always inspirational for me, because when I see what other people have done how they've approached the problem I'm always so surprised how many was can a problem be solved by - unbelievable. I was also very surprised that I found one  that used only 8 s to build  of hight of 42 cm - this is very optimised structure with the T ratio over 5.2, wow! I was wondering if the stability remained the same after putting more s on each other. It got me really ing about the best general principle!I like your submission very much. I especially like that you have done it with your friends, it must have been fun. I also like that you have kept trying despite the initial failure until you have found the solution. However I ont seem to find the photo which is a real shame for I would like to see it (I thing it is lost somewhere in the system.) I am glad to hear that we all seem to have had problems with stability - it is reassuring :).I liked the fact that you used the "forbidden" method as a way to learn (the wall). and I agree that it looks fine :) though  realise that you have some flatter s on the top but they could be at lover levels to support the higher ones that you can put to the last levels and this might have increase the height. You just made me realize that I did not ask anyone before rating myself :) cool stuff :) enjoy the rest of the course.wouuw this sounds quite a sophisticated structure with 89 s! I really would like to see such a work. Sounds like you have invested a lot of time on imagining and then headed for the one you chose. I did not see any  in a spiral shape which sounds really interesting. I am not sure if I can speak about any points for improvement. Maybe the T value as you mentioned that for you it brought competitiveness yet your T value is pretty low. You made me thought about the fact that I did not plan where to arrive when I started the exercise ie "what does success look like" . I  I just wanted it to be fun and did not focus on the outcome. But I am glad that I did not do it because I had so much fun and it did not feel like an assignment. My experience is that when I treat things as assignments I dont enjoy them truly.I seem to have a lot of fun making this evaluation and slightly sarcastic humour has been everywhere. This has also made this submission somehow unique. You should however maybe make the next one more serious for it may seem like you did not take this seriously. Thanks for this experience and honesty in writing that, it may be inspiring. Bye XDHello, I like your honesty in describing your constructive attempts. I especially like how you have made your all family part of the process and gave yourself enough time to thing about the excise. I don't thing that you should be so critical about your work, the  is really not so bad:). I also thank you for making me realise that I could have taken time to thing about the excise for it did not occur to me. Be well p.s. you have very cute sons"I  building this kind of   is a ""guarantee of success"". It is stable, looks quite good and is easy building. I also like the way you involved your daughter in this exercise. :) She must have been interested in it. On the other hand, there are things I would improve. I would at least tie up the s for a greater aesthetic result. (But it might show wildness on purpose :)) I would also add ""comparing to others"" on a scale of beauty.I tried to build impressive and complicated structures.Here I was shown that the easiest ideas might not be that bad and are worth it.""The strenghts are definitely used colors and originality. I have seen many  s which were very similar. This one is unique. I find interesting the shape because reminds me of tree.Hidden or better positioned laces would look much better. Also the upper s could have been the other way down.It was a good idea to build this  . Comparing to oters it brings another point of view."I am amazed! :) I really love your determination and the hard work you did. When I look at the picture I am absolutely without words - I studied your structure in detail (well, as much as I could see) and sometimes I just can believed how you could put those s like you did. Maybe you just put those s on each other and didn't  about nothing more than to make it stable but for me it looks like a great deal of imagination and absolute pure state of creativeness! It really is artistic - I am not sure if you could come up with such a structure if you would  it through or even make some "engineering" design - it really looks like when an artist starts to create and is lead only by his/her intuition and sense for aesthetics. If I should rate its beauty I would give it 11 :) Have you later thought about some improvements, or lets say, optimisation so you could use less s and still keep the hight? Or what do you  about using different type of s - would it have any influence on the hight and/or stability of the ? I wanted to evaluate more than 2 assignments and I cannot even say how great experience it was for me. I saw for example a  with only 8 s and hight of 42cm, what gives a T ratio higher than 5 - it was almost "engineered" but it wasn't even a bit artistic as yours. Seriously, as your creation is less organised it has something like more "soul". It was very inspiring for me, to see what other people can do and how they approach the task. I wish you good luck with the rest of assignments!I  the colors and the symmetry looks pretty good. the playing cards  seems kind of original as I have not seen it done by anyone else yet (on the forums) I could aim for another level but they were pretty smelly :) so I've quit rather earlier...oh and I realized that I did not  about the make up :) did not use pretty objects to make it prettier and for my evaluation I did not get someone else's opinion. I did it all by myself. "I really appreciate the symmetry and pyramidal form. I find it interesting when the   reminds me of something, when its not just a pile of s. From the aesthetic point of view is interesting the combination of sports and more formal s.Comparing to others on scale of beauty is missing. It would be interesting.The only thing I would improve is to tie up the s for better aesthetic impression.I was shown that it is not necessary to form complicated structures."This is a very interesting approach to  ! I really have to appreciate your triangle helix structure. I also did mental experiments but I guess they were not such sophisticated as yours - nicely done. I was also very surprised by the T ratio - it is so effective, nicely done! I was wondering if the stability of the  would still be the same if you would keep going and using more s? I wonder what would be its limits? Thank you for showing me another perspective on how to build a   since this approach is absolutely different from what I have reviewed before as well as from my design. I simply loved your  ! I liked that after first try-error prototype you actually started to  about ways to strengthen foundations. In my opinion, your  looks fantastic and artistic - I guess those white flat slippers made it look that cool! :) I really liked that simple approach you used - just putting s one on another, smart, simple and logical :) This can go on and on until one is out of s. I guess this style has some space for more effective usage of s but it looks like it is very robust and stable. I would say this is a great job, it really is! I really appreciate your simple and direct approach, so genius! :) I'm usually so focused on complex solutions that I may miss such nice and elegant solution you just have provided. "I still like the colours of my  and the fact that it has a summer theme and that it is quite stable due to the high heels.The frog perspective works well as the  seems taller than it actually is.Having seen other submissions I wish I have tried to build a lighter  by turning the s horisontal instead of only putting all s on the pile horizontally.I learned two important things from this exercise. Sometimes it will pay of the to make more than one prototype to test. And too many resourses does not always bring forth the best result. I had a nearly unlimited amount of s available but I ender up with a pile of s, as I did not have to experiment too much with construction.""A considerably high  with colourful ""storeys"". I find the last ""storey"" quite interesting. Each raw consists of 2 s and the last one is just one - a proper finish for a .A suggestion from my side would be to try to organize the  a bit and make it look not that messy.I have learned that there are many ways to be creative.""I find the design really amazing. I really like the idea of the 'flying' s -  It seems a wonder that its possible at first sight. You might during the process have departed from the original goal (building the tallest possible ) and instead focused solely on the artistic part of the problem and the T-score (by the way you still get a pretty nice T-measure). If one is solving at problem for a company, that is 'no go', but for this exercise I believe it is okay. :-)I like your artistic approach: Sitting in the middle of all the s waiting for them to 'talk' to you - this might have improved my more structured approach. ""First, the  is nimble and delicate.Second, the construction looks much like a  Third, maybe It's too low and the description was too rough .""You have done quite a job there! Your  is quite high and well-organized, looks good. You have thought about the stability of your  at an early stage of the building process. I find the solution with  heels/toes very interesting and crucial for such an exercise. I really don't have what to criticize - maybe only the value of the metric, but with such a height, it would be hard to get something higher than what you already have.From that submission I have learned that one can make a very high  if one considers its stability at an early stage - Heavier s on the bottom, lighter - top.""I have problems obtaining your picture. I  you should have downscaled your picture and attached it right away. By the way it was a little scary to download a zip-file of unknown content from a page in a language which I don't understand a word of - so I will recommend for the coming exercise only include the images or link only images.I could not unzip the file, so their is not much to give feedback on:I see you have a very structured approach, running trails and talking of control experiments. The other student I am peer on, through all the s on the floor and sat down in the middle of it all, and waited for the s to talk to him/her - two very different approaches.I like your idea of using the sides of the s. It is - like the best ideas - obvious and even though it has not appeared to most people (inclusive me) i believe.You have kept focus on the problem: building the highest  not ending up reporting an artistic dwarf - which I believe is tempting for many.""Reminds me of the sea, probally due to the colour.Simple construction but I love the fact that there are s for every time of the year.Maybe a few more attemps would have come up with a more innovative design.Colour is a powerful design element and sometimes a simple solution Can bring very good results""wowthe  looks strong and tidy. It's so great for you to try and you really done great. I  if you take photos from an extreme angle , make the color gradient or use Photoshop may make the  more artistic.""I absolutely love this submission and give it a straight 10 for a job well done! The in-depth description is funny, charming and interesting because it includes a reflection of the role of the surroundings - here the public library and the people there - and how they might intervene, too. This makes this closer to a real problem-solving situation. The creator here fully meets the words ""Be brave, be diligent, be courageous"" that someone said in the intro. The actual  will get an 8 for its creativity, its design and height. Maybe the T-rate could be higher, if you had bridged the  with a boot to make a staple platform with the boot shaft and placing more flat s on top, so that the yellow rubber boot on the right hand side would stand as straight as the left one. This would have given the  a complete symmetrical look. I really like the tripod-thing with the trainers on top, though, giving the  a solid base and a symmetrical look. Education: I didn't learn so much more about building a  of s but I learned something about creative diversity and that we all DO have different styles and different approaches how to solve problems. That's what makes this so interesting! I also learned some important lessons about my own approach to learning - there are a couple of habits I need to change. ""I  that it is very impressive that you were able to complete the  in your first attempt. I believe that it prove that you had a clear vision of what and how you wanted to execute the assignment. One of the s unique feature is the composition of colors. The bottom layer is all dark and black compared to the top layer that is the complete opposite - it is filled with yellow, green and pink colors to give the  a sense of life. It would be interesting to see how the  would look if you had taken all the s with one color in the bottom and all of the s with several colors on top :)The design of the  that I build was quit different in regards of shape and numbers of s. To see how other students have approached the assignment can be very useful as inspiration for future use. ""Very simple and nice construction, it never crossed my mind to make a  like this without several s at the bace level. It would make a beautiful building.In order to meget the main objektive to build the highest , the two s could have leaned one each other and then I  the  would have been taller. But I respekt the decision to go with aestetics instead.I like the idea that threre is more than one answer and it got me ing, that with creativity there are not just one final answer. To pratice the trail and error I guess it will often be good to test more than idea to work out what is ultimately the best.""I find it very impressive that you were able to design and construct your  in just two attempts.In my opinion the  both is quite high and looks very stable. Despite of the  being fairly high I believe that it would be possible to add more s on top - because of the stability - to achieve an even higher T-valueIt provides useful feedback for me to see how other students have chosen to approached and complete the assignment. This can become helpful inspiration in the future. "Great ! It's seems tall, fun, pretty and strong, I like it. Maybe you will consider changing the background make the  more beautiful ."I absolutely love the choice of s! It's not the easiest type to build a  with - like giving yourself a handicap beforehand - and yet you manage to build a  70 cm i height, which is quite impressive! I also like the placement of the s, as if they were on a display in a  store, and the way you chose to place them in the vertical position, i.e. from toe to heel, instead of in a horizontal one stacking them on top of each other. In the latter the  would be more squashed and the elegant features hidden and the overall ""exclusive"" appearance would all disappear. So even though you decided to focus on the T-rate and build your  as high as possible, it certainly also scores high on the aesthetic factor as well! Perhaps if you thought a little more of the placement of the ""ground s"" arranging them in shapes and shades of blue/black the  would have been a (little) prettier!? I'll give the  an 8.I'll give the whole assignment an 8 as well - I miss a more detailed account of how the s were placed and what reflections you made underway. Overall though, I love it and I love the statement it sort of makes: of how strong-minded, diligent and powerful women can make it to the top as well :-) Education: I didn't learn so much more about building a  of s but I learned something about creative diversity and that we all DO have different styles and different approaches how to solve problems. That's what makes this so interesting! I also learned some important lessons about my own approach to learning - there are a couple of habits I need to change. ""I am quite pleased with the output I managed to present, after evaluating two other outputs. :) I realized that certainty and stability often get in the way of creativity and innovation. It means that if you don't have patience or enough time, you are more likely to focus on finishing something without considering creativity, uniqueness, and aesthetics, which are necessary and rare in today's world. So taking risks is also part of the game!One of the students I evaluated did not follow the instructions, which led to a series of conflicts, like not being able to rate his/her  using the T formula. So I can say that instructions can also hinder one from producing a desired output. On the other hand, I commend that student for trying and for making her own rules/standards. I  it was brave.In conclusion, creativity and innovation must go together. And there are several factors to consider, like time and motivation, to create a wonderful piece or object, in this case, a fantastic Show ! :)""I love how the design goes from a big foundation up in a flat nosed spire.the upper  technical design of 2 squars of shous leaning towards each other and the beautiful stiff foundation.It would be great if i knoted more of the laces, s det  was more stiff, to get more hight in with shous.The  used alot of shoues, it would be great with less shoues and more hights.""I am satisfied with the height I managed to build my  - 75 cm - with just 9 s.Compared to the other s i have seen my  has a quite unique shape. Another unique feature is that it is only build of sneakers from Nike.I believe that my  could have been visual more beautiful. It would most likely be possible to make it more aesthetic by using more s.To see how other students have chosen to complete the assignment has been very useful and inspiring - hopefully i will be able to apply some of these approaches in future assignment. ""haha one , that was clever ing, yeah you beat me in t- value its definitely a unique  :-)I would love to see a more beautiful design and a taller  if possible, note: the task was the tallest free-standing  not the best t-value.I definitely learned that simplicity sometimes beats the advanced ing.  Great job and thumps up. :-)""I love this , I certainly do not  it lacks colour, I  it is a happy and very light  which made me smile for some reason.I like the construction and am impressed with the way it is build considering the amount of s used available.Perhaps the  could have had only three legs, which would have ledt a few more s to achive greater hight.I had a nearly unlimited nummer of s available, so I learned that I have way too many s and that unlimited resourses sometimes hampers creativity, as my  is basically just a pile of s instead of an interesting construction.""I love the T value  9.25cm pr  i only got half the value, It is interesting and unique, that you made a structure that simple, and yet with a so high T valuei would love to see a little bit more advanced technical design of the structure of the building, example: make space within the  for maby some storage of some things. Also maby i would give the  a little bit more matching colors on the , and then only make some areas stand out with deferent colors  example: black shous as foundation and then the red leather boot on top. I definitely learned that simplicity some times beats the advanced as it did with your . Great job and thumps up! :-)""The output is creative and innovative, given the fact that the student used technology to produce the  . I would say that aesthetically, it is also beautiful and indeed, looks like a . However, I do not understand why the student did not follow the instructions and used abstract symbols instead of real s. It somehow distorted the evaluator's expectation of the desired outcome. The instruction also says that no other materials can be used aside from s. Perhaps I have taken the assignment in its simplicity, so it is quite surprising how it was made complicated yet creative in manner by the student being evaluated. Although a diagram is permitted, it must represent the actual . Perhaps the student has got plenty of s! Uncountable, in his/her words, which provokes a sense of envy on my part. Changing the instructions, however innovative, resulted to a series of conflicts, like not being able to rate the  using the T formula. So I recommend that instructions be followed. Just my two cents. :)But the maker seemed happy about the output and that's the most important thing! "I enjoyed the output presented. The  may not be very beautiful, but beauty is subjective. To me, the fact that the student tried is already a criteria for saying that the  is beautiful. It also seems to me that stability of the foundation is very important to the student, which can relate to any other life concepts/issues. The student paid more attention to how stable the  is, which is important from the very beginning. Sometimes, stability and certainty get in the way of creativity and innovation, especially if the subject has got little patience or time. So I recommend that the student try to explore her creative side more. :) I have tried to build a  several times, so I know what a pain it is to make the  stable while at the same time, aesthetically pleasing to the eye! So nice job!"What is positive about my  is the value metric I have achieved. It is much higher compared to the others. Also, the colour combination - from lighter to darker tones. What I find interesting about the  is its base - I found the biggest/highest and stable s I could find and after that it was easy to build on without the  falling. I could criticize the height of my , it could have been a bit taller.I have learned that the ""materials"" we choose for our s play a very important role for its height.""Your  is really heigth, 97cm is almost a meter! Your  have a strong base (a goog structure), is colorful and have textures that made it fun. The colors are cute and fun, are diverse, and I see a happy family history on it. You said that your  is not a Masterpiece, but if you keep doing that convination of color and textures, you can make one masterpiece.Might to have a concep or Idea of what you want to xpress, somenthing like an inspiration or a topic. It helps you to know how to combine colors and shapes in a logical line that you would like, and help you to excercise your creativity.Doing this feedback, I learned the importance of the details at my writing projects. Also I thanks you for teach me how colorful and fun could be work with s and the unlimited ways of build a  that could exist. Thanks""Positive: what I found positive about this submission was how sincere I was. and how the 's making process was described.Unique: The  shape was awesome, it was aestheticly actractive. and it took I considerable High and T scoreRevision: The  was high but I  could be higher. This depends on the attempts one tries.Education: From this submssion I learn how I  could be significantly high and intensively atractive at the same time""It is good that your towel is height an have a strong structure. The  looks like it can endure an earthquake. Maybe your  is not so colorful that you would like, but it have a good combination of colors. Your  have so much textures that combine really well, and thats Incredible!. On the other hand, It looks messy, maybe because it need a concept. With a concept you can organize your ideas and consequently, made a  more beatiful.Doing this feedback I learned more about textures results. About how many times someone need to fail for have a good results, and how fail help us to do what we want to do. Thanks!"The  has a good height and the mere fact of being able to arrange so many s and make it seem like they are less than how many they actually are deserves some merit. What is unique about this  is the variety of s, with different heights, forms and colors, used to build it. It could have been build higher with some s aligned vertically, forming columns. I learned that I tend to exaggerate a little when given a task and having so many resources. I thought that to build a tall  I needed a lot of s and I had them! However, now I know that there can be other more effective ways to achieve the same goal."The  is colorfull, and have a really good mix of textues that combine really well. It is heigth and artistic. I enjoy to see it! Your projetc was really impresive, you build a 60cm  with 14 s! Thats incredible! Might add others colors to make the gold s stand out and / or put both golden s at the top to stand out a bit. As a feedback provider, I was able to learn more about s structure and combine of colors with your assigment. Learned and reflects a lot of efficiency in creative projects  with unusual materials. Thank you a lot.""Positive: Congratulations for your being so intense!. I  you were so smar by trying that high boot to raise more high. that increased your T so much.Unique: I found very interesting how you changed your  from the first one (where you used a lot of s) to the last one, where with less s and getting a very considerable hight tought.Revision: The only thing I could say is that I  your  could have been a little more astheticly atractive. So you could have used more simetry and composition concepts to make it more beautiful. I understand keeping T high but you you aready had a very high score, so adding one or two s, to make it more atractive, wouldnt be bad!!Education: From this submission I learned how we can try thing completely differents on several attempts in order to find the best solution"I would have given you a 10/10 on both scales! I got a height around yours, but I used like 40 s or more! I love how you efficiently and cleverly you build it. The fact that you used formal s gives it an elegant and classy touch. It would look prettier with a leather  at the top, maybe one with a lighter color. It never crossed my mind to make it this way (all I could  was of putting each  horizontally on top of the other). Thanks a lot for the idea :D!"I find this  to be very impressive. It has a nice height and it looks very organize. It shows that you really put thought on it and that you gave it varies tries.It feels perfectly balance. A very beautiful .I give it a 9.5..... Can't find where to put the grade :(After I saw the  I immediately thought wow this person's seems very methodical a perfectionist. I  its true judging by your  and answers. I found that very interesting how an exercise like this reflect the way you are (the way I  you are).I would like it to be a bit messier it seems too perfect, so I find it a bit disturbing but thats probably because Im not that organize.I  that been more organize and ing about how to make the structure, before making it really worked well for you I should do that more often."I liked your  a lot, specially because of the different colors and the arrangement. Also, I found quite interesting the way you placed the ones at the top, putting a pair on to of the tallest ones to give the  more height. Maybe it could get taller by putting the  on the very top  over the other pair. I got a height close to yours, about 83 cm, but used many more s (around 40). My father has tall boots like the s you put on the top, but I didn't  on putting them that way. Thanks for the idea ;)!A good  with such a number of s.I partiuclarly found very creative the way to put toguether the high heels in order to pile them.I find it to be femenine with some ambivalence because of the sports s.The colors are important part of the creation and was interesting.Think there is an opportunity to use it more strongly.Found that the project can be accomplished with simplicity."I really like how it looks I should have taken the photo from another angle but looks good.I found it unique mainly because I never did a   and the  I put on the top its unique for me.It could have been more organizing. I should have put more thought on it.I learn that trying new things that seem to make no sense like this exercise really helped me realize some things about how I work."I find the  very artistic, specially because the combination of the contrast of the light.The  is not the center but the view.The hight with the limited resources is extraordinary.although the view is georgeous is taking away attention from the subject.Learned that you can be very very effective with liited resources."Positive: first of all, congratulations, your  seems to be very hardworked. I see you tried triangles and that adds to your  more resistence and helps with aesthetic.Unique: I see you tried others opinion. Good for you, that make you better yourself and your work.Revision: I  you could add more high by trying to put s in a way that could give more stability to the upper s. Education: Learned a lot  by comparing my  with yours so I can find out what could help me and help others""I like that fact that it was simple and sweet. I .I would like to see a photo of the actual , but its ok.It seems we  alike didn't do too many tries.It seems you had a pretty good idea of what you wanted to do from the start and I found that very impressive I had the idea of what it would look like after I did the base randomly only ing about that fact that I wanted the boots on the base.I give it a 7, because I didn't saw a photo of the ... I couldn't appreciate things like color a texture.Can't find where to put the grade.""First it is not easy to judge my , it is kind of weird to praise my work, but I will try my best.I loved the idea of making the  base from 2 pairs of high heels s; it gave me a strong base and gave my  a great boost of height.I also used the criss cross idea, it really helped me a lot. I  that my  is quite tall regarding the small number of s that I used. I was told to be a critical friend, so I  my  could be taller, and maybe I should have used more s.But at the end I am satisfied with my work, and I like how my  looks like, it is tall and elegant."The Student did not let failure from deterring her from being creative. I  it was well thought out where it shows that beauty may not necessarily bring success. I too failed and yet at the end thought of a stable base instead of beauty. Good job! good but needs to be more creative than this and use the least amount of s to create a tall ."Hi ! I loved your , it's represent what i love to call ""simple and effective"". You used a big  to support the base and it's pair inside to do the balance. and then build your way up smartly and in interesting artistic way. Thumbs Up :)Looking at your artwork brought an idea to my mind which is cloning other 3 s with the same look forming the + shape and place the 4 s this way crossed. and then put 1 final  on the top of the 4 arms (s) like a jewel of the crown. I  this would also be a nice product depending on your idea as a base. I'd like to thank you for your work, it inspired me with it's simplicity. keep up the good work. ""Its a great thing to be patient and try it many times, and i  the  deserves more than 6.I liked the learning procedure that you've been through the process.so basically, i  the purpose of this assignment is to be patient as much as you can and you've done that "good structure f the  but needs more attention to the beauty side of it . Keep learning :)  Wow, you did an amazing job. I love both s and I really do not know how you see the first one is not lovely. I liked your determination. patience and the fact you have a target and want to reach it in a unique mean. I guess you are a wonderful person in your work, so keep it up."You could make it work with high heeled s! You made a good job, well done.Nice draft picture, you may color it to be more reflecting, all ways the shapes in your abstract  looks beautiful.Let's  together how to make it higher.. using upright flip flops in the last layer will easily add extra centimeters but might affect the beauty of the , so what about adding upright flat s instead? it could be placed in the opening of the high heel s or between them. Also what about using s with lacing (if you have), use the lacing to tie them together in an upright orientation and put third upright  in-between, not the whole of it just to the extent that keeps it stable. You may not make them 90 degree upright; having them leaning a bit would give them the look of Eiffel .From what you said it is not clear whether you spent time in the design phase (before having any of your attempts) to solve the exercise, or not. This would help in better vision for the implemented solution and gives you better practical experience too, as sometimes your design doesn't work at all in reality so the next iteration of design will be more practical.You are smart! this is obvious from your implemented exercise and your answers. It is obvious also that you made this exercise alone, although the beauty assessment question needed collaboration with people; you may consider next time to share it with surrounding people to get feedback and even to brainstorm with them.Your resources are just fitting, don't blame on them, you may just adjust them to follow some pattern in color or add angle to their orientation.. other than that, I can see that they made the job well.I'm not allowed to give grades, but the beauty score of your  is less than it deserves.It is good to move quickly between different alternatives, but again try to give yourself more time in deeply ing about the solution before implementing it.Thank you for enriching my creativity style, and for letting me know about ""Jenga"" game, (I googled it since the game is not popular in my country).Wish you best of luck my creative fellow."Good job, the way of ing is unique, more risks need to be taken, I have learned how a person can evaluate him or herself in an enthusiastic way. "I like the top of  ,  well done :) suggestion :  I  the upper layer before top would be more beautiful if you reverse these pair of s i learn a new way :) ""first of all I would like you to know that the image of your  didn't appear :S I'm so annoyed but I'll do my evaluation based on the facts given by you. First of all you seems to have enjoyed working on your  which is a good sign that the final product is interesting, and also you were keen to clean the s before taking any pictures which is very nice touch of you, thumbs up :) you also mentioned that you built an 88 cm tall  using 14 s only which is outstanding and made me more upset that i'm not able to see it and check how you were able to figure the balance and equilibrium of your work.I hope you have checked some of your friends or in house mates opinion before you post your  as this would be nice pre-final supportive way to help you enhance your work before submission, though i'm sure its beautiful  :)Thanks for your time you spent on your  and dedication to come out with the best  you can built :)yours,"cool  s, very creative and the lady s looks elegant . I liked it :) .I am intrigued by the thought the student put into building his/her  . I never thought of it like that particularly because I have no concept of calculations and other things that could have stabilized my  . Hmm...very creative! "I really like, Great job, you have very beautiful structure, I love the colours of the 1st & 3rd  option, and the 2nd was was creative. but i observed that your 1st option was typical and traditional more than one of our peers something like yours.Reflecting on what we learned at our 1st week when we make a lot of failures we learn more, and that's what you did, you make 10 attempts to achieve the result. so Good luck and keep it up :)"It seems most of my colleague in that course have a sharp mind :). I like your base a lot. I also liked how you utilized the s. It could be more beautiful but it is beautiful enough. Great Work, Keep it up. "First of all you have lovely kids, may God bless them!Second, I liked your , it is relatively high, looks stable and well structured, you did a good job, I like your elaborating style too, you made the task easy for me, thanks.Lets  together how to make it higher.. I can see that you built strong base, in which all s are lying horizontally, so what about ending it with a one that is vertically placed, this would give you extra centimeters. This can be used in intermediate stages too, not only for the last , but this will need more effort to make them steady like tying them together using their own lacing, this would make the construction looks different.Also what about removing some of the flip flops or flat s, I know that they were needed to support the construction, but some of them if was removed smoothly after the construction was ended would not affect the  stability and would maximize your T value, for example to remove the blue flip flop in the middle under the black boots 4th level from the top, or to remove the s beside the brown one in the 3rd level from the bottom, only if this will not affect the  stability.I'm sorry I can't see your  as bad as you describe it. It is your own creation, it can't be ugly, love it and be proud of it, it deserves.. And from the other side lets  how to make it look prettier. Emm maybe if we followed specific pattern either in colors (black then white, black then blue, black then brown) or in placing s (show the side of s in one layer and the front of them in the next one, side, then front...) this would make the  look different. Also if we add some leaning ones either around the  (this would decrease your T but increase the  beauty score) or inside the  this would get the job done. BTW current resources are fitting very well; it is just a matter of how to place them in front of the camera.We may also change the background and lighting for the  picture if you want, although I can see that they are Ok.Your work and creativity level deserves better marks, don't be unfair to yourself. I can't give you grades according to the instructions.I worked in solitude and it is not much helpful as you . For you, all you need is to set a frame for accepting different views and listening to different voices, but not to eliminate it at all.Thank you for extracting this very long comment from me, I talk much less than normal people actually. Thank you also for the idea, your abstraction of it and for the dedication, as I spent much less period in planing and implementing the exercise.Wish you best of luck.""mmmm I  i did a good job, i love the stone balance a lot and thats my unique part, but i  if i make marge between my option and the one on the middle option that i   would be amazing.Reflecting on what we learned at our week when we make a lot of failures we learn more, and that's what you did, you make 10 attempts to achieve the result. so Good luck and KEEP IT UP :D""first i love your flowery , well done  :) i  the  is a little slant but no problem looks like pizza  ;) ""You really misjudged yourself when you gave yourself a score of only 3 on creativity scale. your  looks great and you used some creative Ideas to make it taller at the top by using those Pink rain boots (I really like them :D) and this tall boot on top, that is something.But I  you should have tried different formations, You had that idea of making a base and building height over it and you stuck to it. I  you should have tried different formations, may be they wouldn't work but they will give you better and creative Ideas to make your  taller using the original formation of a wide base. Myself I  that this is what IFF is all about, with every attempt, with every failing trial you learn about something that you didn't consider important before. Good job :)""First of all I really liked what you did with the  picture, I  it's really creative itself. And I  that your   is creative and looks good in it's own way. I like the Idea that your tried several times and at every attempt you realized the importance of something new like the shape of the  and all the other stuff and I really  this is the ultimate goal of the Intelligent fast failure, every time you learn the importance of something that didn't grab your attention at first. your  was unique in it's shape (specially that it's a bit leaning, I really liked that, thought it looks artistic somehow :D )Although I don't  you tried enough, you needed to try more and learn more. you depended on the concept of making a wide base and building the  on that base which seems like a pretty classical Idea, If you did try more you would've used a smaller number of s to make a  that is as high.I learned from you that beauty isn't what you see, rather it's what  .. you can really find beauty in anything as long as you  it is beautiful. ""first, I really like how it looked like and how creative he/she was. using the slippers to maintain stability and balance is really a good idea and it gave the  a great look. I suggest that if he/she could put on some s so it would be taller, that's all.It's really great to see how other people  and how they have different perspective.""I find it weird to evaluate myself but i'll do my best. I'd like to thank you for your work and the time you spent in building your , the idea of using female s is nice and constructive. But I guess arranging the colors to be more contrasted would have been an edge for you. Thanks a lot and keep up the good work.""rat eat the  , well done i  if i  could make taller  , it would be better"I tried my best, however as I read submissions from 2 of my peers I felt I could have put in more effort. I wasn't afraid of failure at all. I knew it was just a  . However, I wish I had given it more thought. "First of all thank you for your time and effort spent on building your , It's tall and balanced in some way that's hard to achieve for a  with that width. Thumbs up for that :) I also like the final boot in the top of it to give it the highest possible tall, it also looks like the jewel of the crown :)I  you could also give it more balance support by putting the base s layer on their sides and built your way up after that, but over all your work is quite satisfying.You self creativity and  beauty rates are fair evaluations, thank you for that, i'd give you the same .. and viva the modern art school :D Thanks again for your work, I never thought of using boots before to give more height. I'll keep that in mind :) Yours,""Your  is not tall enough, you need to add extra layers of s.It is very simple and basic; you needed to spend more time in it.The  is not stable enough, you may may consider to employ the same resources in a different way.""Good work, looks nice, your   is very long and strong construction, and i like the slipper A LOT  but i observed that your option was typical and traditional more than one of our peers something like yours.Reflecting on what we learned at our 1st week when we make a lot of failures we learn more, so make more failures to achieve awesome result. so Good luck and keep it up :)""I did like the colors in the  and the way the s were put.It is very good to have your own way of ing about things and put your touch.I  it was better to use different types of s to make it more challenging. "Comparing to what I have seen, I have done terrible work. I used a lot of s to build a teeny tiny "", beside it is so ugly. So, I  I have a lot to reconsider in the next days :). It looks fine, the  layout is unique as the  is built in a cubic way, I would suggest that the  would be taller by trying to add more s or use a different order of these s, I have learned that there is more than one way to create the same thing at the end."First, I liked your   :) I liked the idea that you took a picture for each process of your . Your idea of doing layers like putting woods when u make scaffolds totally paid off. And when we add your idea about establishing a strong base for the   (four s)  we can get a clear picture of how you built such a long  comparing with the number of s. I agree with all that you wrote describing your  and evaluating it. I told to be ""a critical friend"" but i don't know how to critic creativity, specially when you know that I  that your  is better than mine :) So all I can say is well done and great effort. ""judging my  isn't as easy as it seemed to me at first. it's really challenging how you see your work after seeing what others did and how they .I'm really happy that I managed to make my  with that number of s. the only critic that i have for me after seeing some other s that i could have been more creative just to make my  taller.""When I saw your   my reaction was like :"" WOW! how on earth did he/she get all these number of s"". And  I can imagine your family reaction if they saw you taking all s in the house to make a  :DI really admire your determination and your effort of collecting such number of s to do the assignment.I loved the idea of making the 's summit with two standing flip flops, it added a good height and a nice shape to  your . I told to a ""critical friend"" , may be i can say that the value of the metric is a little bit low? But I believe that this is a creative process, and there is no such word ""critic"" in creativity, so well done, and great job :) "Different in a good way, It is interesting how the  laces were used, I would suggest that the  stands on its own as for what I see is a link between the wall and group, I have learned how another person could create a totally new thing just by the intention of using a specific material"""WOW"" that was my first impression as i saw the first picture and ""PERFECT"" that was my other first impression on the 2nd picture. How creative really? I'm impressed. what i've learned as a feedback provider is how different and at the same time how similar people's ing can be. It is like having a walk in other people's mind.""symmetry of color is good , well done :) i  if you make another shape of top it would be more beautiful ""You have a very methodical way of ing which can be a great advantage when faced to a complex problem. You also accomplished a very good T value, kudos on that!I like the fact that you thought of using ski s but didnt do it because that way, you challenged yourself. I  that reflects a very good attitude towards challenges.Maybe it would have been interesting to share the feelings you had building the  . Did you have fun? Did you, on the contrary felt stressed or frustrated? How did you feel at the beginning and then at the end of this exercise?I  that one of the purposes of this activity was to challenge our minds and, as feedback provider, I see it worked for everyone.Like you, I also had to make a compromise between the aesthetics and the balance; I  its a good mental exercise that we can apply to life itself."this is truly another way of looking at the concept of "", its amazing the way you saw something like this since the usual thing to  is "lets make a big pile", anyways something interesting about it is the concept of a higher  with less s, at a first glance seems hard to achieve but it is possible. my suggestion might be to have a stronger base and add more s to see how tall can it get without bending. its interesting, i have to say that the way i see things is way to different some times from other people, and i love it, i learned so much just by looking at your submission, even if it wasn't perfect.what i did is something interesting, is a nice solid structure, provide graphics to how it was made since its hard to notice just by looking at the photo. its interesting the way i thought a triangular shape would help me build a high enough , but there are too many s and i couldn't reach anything higher than that. a good way i could have improve this is if i had something to compare it too, that way i would had gotten more ideas as to how could i have done it higher with less s. i couldnt have realise something like this if it wasnt for the submissions i had "graded" i learned from them many things that help me understand many things.i have to say, that i admire the courage you have. yes it might be true that you couldnt create something of your own, and had to look at other people's submission, but that's alright, sometimes its necessary to get some inspiration from other people. the sad part of this is that you are too afraid of been a failure and decided to stop trying. im no one to give advise to you about your personal life or anything, but never be discourage for the succes of others, instead use it as inspiration to become better. i have to thank you in a way, since you make me realize that failure is something that no one can avoid but to face it or run away, and i made my choice. my best regards to you, never give up and remember trying is living."you did try to make it as high as possible with just a few s, the end result was just 1 , a very high . its really nice the way you decided to use just the boot to achieve a high T value! which you manage to do it. the  itself its just one , its another way of looking at those boots which is nice, you provide us with just another perspective of doing this activity. For the critical part i have to say that it is true what you said that you gave up too soon, i mean we never know how tall you could have made the  with boots, it could have been the tallest one among all the students taking the course, who knows!! in the end i learned that many s doesn't mean that its better, you prove that sometimes keeping it simple is the best bet.""I really committed myself in giving an in-depth description of the process I went through in building the  . Im also proud to have done by best effort in giving balance to the  without disregarding the external aspect of it. Im happy to have accomplished what I call smart trials which in fact is similar to the concept of intelligent fast failure. This proves we can structure creativity and, being a methodical person, I love that idea. If I had to give myself a suggestion it would be to have asked for external comments. I could have looked for recommendation of friends or family in order to open my mind and maybe get a better result: Two heads are better than one.I learned that when we are faced to a situation that is completely new for us or outside our comfort zone, we tend to act by intuition. Then, we learn from our mistakes and improve ourselves. As a feedback provider I also realized that no matter how tall or pretty the  was the most important thing is to do our best and be pleased with the result."you made a pyramid, you selected a really nice way of building something, since a pyramid is actually a very strong structure and is capable of reaching higher levels. i like the idea, a lot but in order to have a higher pyramid you need a lot of s, a lot. maybe the thing here would be to change in a way the angle of some s, keeping of course the pyramidal form, to use less s and build higher. i suggest also to put the bigger and heavier s at the bottom, since those might make your structure collapse if they are at the top. now i have to say i didn't thought of this option before, but it is an interesting one, the moment i first saw it a thought of ways of using less s and make it higher, it made me  and reevaluate myself more than i thought it would."First of all congrats on the height of your , 127 cm is very tall! I like the fact that you shared how that this activity made you boost your creative side, it was the whole purpose and apparently it worked. I loved 2 of your comments. The first one on the tripod-like effect because it means you really committed with the exercise and tried your best to get a solid base. The second one about coloring outside the lines  made me laugh! I  it was perfectly OK to do so, besides, rules are meant to be broken sometimes, right?I dont have a picture of your  so I tried to imagine what it looked like based on your comments.  The only suggestion I might have is about the amount of s, maybe you could have tried to build a solid base with fewer s in order to increase your T value. As a feedback provider I realized two things.On one hand we all shared a similar approach on the exercise by focusing energy on the structures base. We all understood that we couldnt build a tall  without some balance at the base of it. Its common sense.Nevertheless, on the other hand, its fascinating how humans have so many different ways of ing. A same problem or challenge can be approached and solved by very different ways.  Also, aesthetically speaking, what seems unattractive to some might result beautiful for others. Thats the whole beauty of exercising your creative side in a world were everyone is different.""I love your   :), fabulous idea to put the pink ones so that their shape kind a compliments lower s, structure is also interesting, reminds me Burj Kalifa, highest  in the world from trip to Dubai.T value is also great. I would grade it at least 9.It was good to see this  as it was completely different from my own, very much related to week 2 theme about how different is creativity styles."I can see that I seem to have very systematic way to   problem, it looks very clean structure with system. I still love my  although I still regret lack of colors. "I love the breaking rules idea too :), I was also so sorry my s are so dull (maybe should buy more interesting next time...) and I like your solution to that problem! Looks fabulous, I don't really have anything to suggest here. I would grade it 9 at least.""Colorful , love the heels there and that it kind a looks effortless, no particular system (although I understand there was a methodology in building it). Only one point - I am not sure if boots are also s or not?I would grade it at least 8.""What A Beautiful  you built. I'd like to say you nailed the brief in reaching the tallest height. But, there is one thing that you have to keep in mind, to reach your height with less s would have given you a higher T Value, which would be good to improve upon because even when you build your cake  (mostly Wedding Cakes) the s are stacked with Pillars (Less Resources).  I have to say this though, you are a good critic to yourself. Keep it up! That's the first step to getting to that ""10"""First i would like to say that you completed your assignment to the letter. Try to improve in describing what you did for the future!First, I'd like to say that you have given a very nice and brief description of your  . It's a good start but the exercise is to build the tallest  and i reckon you could have built a taller  with 11 s. "I'd like to start by saying you have built very impressive show s. I like your answer that you gave about creativity. IMpressive Work. Keep It Up!""Hi Jonathan, I'd like to say i'm pretty impressed by your  . you have really engaged and built a very nice structure. I like the way you took your time to figure out how to get a higher T value.    Impressive Work!   Keep It Up!"Quite nice  . I was quite suprised a bit that it took 6 attempts to build the  but failures are good. In order to have higher t-value I  the best strategy would be to use as few s as possible but to have very high shows, like higher rubber boots or something:)I am very happy about myself, especially seeing the other submissions. I would now probably give higher grade to myself regarding the creativity and ho beautiful th  is. I  the unique feature of my submission was that I submitted very high T value , using creative and at the same time logical approach."You seem to have achieved a nice high  with the number of s you used. The picture makes it appear as if the  is very stable and well-thought out. It appears that you used heavier s at the bottom and lighter ones higher up which made the  more structurally sound. Using both vertical and horizontal s is a unique and creative approach that obviously had good success. From what you've written it does sound like you implemented the fast failure approach and made a number of attempts before being satisfied. However, you do not give a figure for how many attempts and revisions were made which makes it a little difficult to evaluate how well that approach was used. You also mention that despite being satisfied with your finished  you felt that you could still do better. Perhaps it would be worth analysing for yourself your reasons for stopping rather than continuing to make the best  you believed you could.Providing feedback for this submission has helped me see the subjectivity of self-evaluation - for example, the numbers you've given yourself for the beauty of the , and the scale of your own creativity, are perhaps lower than I would have chosen to give you. Completing this evaluation has also helped me see how creativity differs from person to person as some of your creative choices are very different from the ones I made.I hope you find this evaluation helpful, and I wish you all the best for the rest of the course."I  it's really clever that the boots were used to build the  . Boots are also s, btw.. because it's something we wear for our feet :) It depends on one's definition, really. Using the boots resulted in a higher T because fewer s were used.  I liked that the 'star' was emphasized, I thought it was clever :)I commend her for the effort that she did in building the  . She made a lot of attempts to try to accomplish the challenge. In the end, she came up with what I  is a beautiful, colorful  . Contrary to how she considers herself, I  she is creative. Creativity is not just about coming up with a unique idea, but it's also finding solutions or experimenting in different ways so that one can accomplish the goal or solve a problem at hand.  :) Good job, I say!I'd commend myself for participating in this assignment and for trying to come up with ways so that I can present a   that looks organized and high (as it can get.) I've learned that creativity is not just about coming up with what's unique, but also in learning to see things differently and learning to try different things so that I can find a solution for any task at hand :)"My  is structurally sound and reached a satisfactory height with a reasonably good T value. Alternating the positioning of the s (some upright, some on their sides) was a useful and perhaps unique way to improve the support.After having seen and evaluated other people's assignments I realised that my creativity seemed to only follow one stream. If I were to revise the exercise I would try following different streams of thought to try and come up with a  that has more originality. For example, I did not consider the possibility of using a combination of vertical and horizontal s, and I did not  about different inspirationally starting points (mountain, tree, skyscraper) to try and vary my ideas in order to achieve my best. I also forgot to consider how to maximise the T value.Completing these evaluations has helped me see the subjectivity of self-evaluation - the numbers others gave themselves for beauty and creativity did not necessarily align with the numbers I would have given. Likewise it was interesting to see how different people progressed through their creative ing in order to reach their goals. I feel like I learned a lot from providing feedback and that it has given me a lot to  about.""Very nice , has nice structure. Intersting part for me was that you was trying first virtual designs. For instance I have just built the  without any designs, just trying to build it as high as possible. The suggestions for improvement would be to build the taller . now the hight of 43 cm I quite low:)""You have built a very successful and structurally sound . You also have explained clearly your reasoning behind the structure - using a wide base to give extra support. The mountain-like structure definitely has stability and good sense.From what you've written it sounds as though your attempts at  building centred around that one model. Perhaps you could have experimented with different forms of s, using your creativity with something completely different and maybe a little crazy! Your  appears to take inspiration from a mountain, but what about inspiration from a skyscraper, or a tree, or a rocket. Try and broaden your ideas. Providing feedback has helped me see the subjectivity of self-evaluation - for example, the numbers you've given yourself for the beauty of the , and the scale of your own creativity, are perhaps not the same as I would have given. Completing this evaluation has also helped me see how creativity differs from person to person as some of your creative choices are very different from the ones I made.I hope you find this evaluation helpful, and I wish you all the best for the rest of the course.""Very well structured your process of building the . Totally agree with the classification of the s, I  it gives a good approach for starting the .In terms of stability, the  looks very stable, but the not very efficient considering that you use 50 s for 95cm. Did you try other structures?Great job!!""I love the colours and find this  very beautiful !! Also, I love the way you managed to make efficiency (not many s) meet beauty.Thanks for being so precise on how you learnt from this process. In a way, I'd say that I would love the  to look more ""adventurous"" ! (it looks so perfectly stable!)I admire that you did more than 6 attempts (dedication), and how you learnt from it (picking the right s for the ). It is what I learnt from your submission. Thanks!If I have to give a grade (I am not sure it is expected in this evaluation), it is 8/10""On the positive part, there are two aspects that caught my mind : The hole, near the top of the , provided by the floppies. I thought it was a great attempt, and sucess. Then I appreciated the idea of using a small number of s, all being different in style.Beside the hole already mentionned, the different types of s, I also appreciate the short time spent on this . 15 minutes for 6 attempts is really fast...To reconsider the design and to find the right balance, take the pictues...The only critical part I could have is the strapping, (I had the idea to lace the s togerther to reach a greater balance, but I decided against). Also, I would appreciate to know if the limited number of s used was a choice (to reach a better score) or it came up because the  had reached its maximun height ?Ilearned that different person in different part of the world come this sililar ideas regarding the fact that it seems berrer to keep the lightest s for the top, and the heaviest at the bottom. As I am writing this, I realise taht the weight might not be the only criteria to take into account, the rigidity of the s for instance is probably something to consider. "Although the T value is not too bad, it is not pretty and does not seem very cretive. I should have tried using sturdier s and maybe building it in a different location so that the picture would be better."I really like the process you've used to design your  (the carpet/hardwood floor idea = yeah a fluffy carpet could compromise the structure), your quest of stability (jenga , you've saved a lot of us).This course will help you to  out of the box, i'm sure of that ! enjoy !"Lack of flashy color but great pattern of pastel. not to high, but pretty stabilized"I love your idea of using paint to ""picture"" your . I really like the fact that your friends were  part of the process ! The critical friend would say : It doesn't integrate the material of your s (is it solid, soft, are the high heels s menacing the structure with their weight etc.)... but it doesn't really matter. for me, you've gain a lot of thing by doing this exercise. Hope you'll enjoy the upcompings weeks !""I  it was a good idea to turn the s in different directions to have a more solid structure. I like the way you chose different colours and different kinds of s to build your .Next time, don't forget to clean the background! :-)""P : I've tried very different kind of structurationU : I give to completely different pyramidR : Second one is very twisted, I'll can use it to do something more beautifulE : It is useful to  before practise, but at the end it is completely different when your are face to the challenge, you have new idea""2. Welcome to this course. The most important is that you've done the job, whenever you went to the class. It's interesting that you made the exercise in just 30 minutes before the deadline of this project. And youve got a result in a limited amount of time. You didnt give up. Keep your positive mind for the next projects.In the same way, what you said seems important to me Identified most rectangular or wedge shaped (to be  stacked) to form base portion . So you build your  based on your previous experience that to build something higher and higher, you need a suitable shape as much as a strong base. We can see it on your picture.Its quite hard to make a judgment about your work. I'm sure you could do better. I prefer sticking to your own judgment and grade.  To conclude, creativity takes time. Some people need to try again and again before giving a convincing result or a beautiful design. But a limited amount of time can be really challenging to be efficient at work. So I  that everyone should find a balance between creativity and efficiency.""I am impressed by the ""engineer side"" of this  : the result is very efficient, and looks very stable ! This logic is what I find of most interest in that work.Also surprised it only took one minute to realise this work, well done ! I would have loved to know more about how the process of this creation has worked for you, and how the criteria of value for the metric and beauty has influenced your choice. I'd say your submission has taught me about efficiency in creativity. If I have to give a grade (I am not sure it is expected in this evaluation), it is 7/10""The three-rung style gives an overall creativity and aristic balanceThe choice of a star-shape base sounds like more uniqueStill, there is something to improve about my base both in terms of height and stability as I had to make several attemptsThere are several paths to achieve interesting results, the rest is a matter of artistic point of view""Hello, it is effectively an original approach based on a draw. I  I won't see another like that.But I'm sad that you don't have more decrobed your mental appoach to arrived at the end.""This   makes me smile, I love its mischievous way, I can feel the jubilation of the free spiret behind it! I also love the choice of colours, and the fact the ""SHOE"" is in the same colour, which makes it more readable.This   seems quite unique, according to what I saw in the discussion forums and to the persons who commented it, even if when I found the idea, I thought that i wouldn't be the only one to have it. Since it was one of my wishes to make an original , I have perfectly succeeded on this point.It also has some aesthetic quality, but this could have been improved by not doing the exercise during the last hours before deadline, I must admit I totally underestimate the time it took to do it. By not waiting until the last night, I could have improved the background, and have found better combinations of s for the letter shapes. I could also have improved the light and the quality of the photograph.This kind of work is totally new to me, and it was very interesting to see the process, I've learned valuable things about me and will try to take them in account from now on.""Building a three-rung  with just one attempt is a serious achievementThree-rung building is interesting in terms of creativity and beautifullness as wellDefinitly, the lack of height is an issue in that caseThe description of the method confirms the relevance to proceed so"Wow amazing that you hat T=9!!! You really did manage to have a very tall  using hardly any s which I want to congratulate you for!! Although I would not call your  'beautiful', you seem to have found just the perfect s and the perfect combination to make them stand up one on top of the other. Good job!"1. I do not understand whats happened in this exercise cause there is no picture, no explanations, no descriptions except triangle shape. Its hard for me to be positive or educative without knowing the reasons why you didnt do your exercise.So I advise you to make efforts in order to save a good job next time. Good luck.""The  looks really stable on the ground. I like the way how its turning, it gives a feeling, that if  gets higher, it could make nice spirale.It is one interesting  , i like how author of  used not so ordinary way of putting s one in another and it that way achieving, that his   gets its special shape.There is something missing, i have impression, that  should continue and find its finishing touch. The bottom feels to heavy, maybe it could help, that second level of s, used in , could be lighter colour. I would grade this  with 7 from 10.While i was doing this critique, i started to  how i would do authors project with his idea of structure, but searching to balance the colours and give some lightnes to . I understand that i am looking the method to do better job with my own project, while looking on another student works. Another thing, what i discovered, that first draft of the feedback had some contradictions in it, so i learn to formulate my opinion.""This is excellent work , imagination, creativity. I am really impressed.I grade this work at 10. Where is the grade where I can grade her ? I put 10 but where is the score ?This is unique, you spent a lot of time and enthusiasm.  There is also a humor side on your photos. Verry communicativeSuggestions ?  How to write a critical comment about the photos ? Maybe compare her s  with her partner s  ?What I learned ? I discovered a personality  ""This square-base  is compelling in terms of height and quite well balanced which is difficult above 100cmSuch a high square based is tricky to achieveThough creative the base sounds more like a stack of material, which impairs the artistic dimension of the . In addition, a top could have been added to the boots to gain in height and attempt something more artistic, as well.As a conclusion, I understand that with the right  picking we can build up a stable square base.""The engagement of Student 1s work clearly shows. The exercise was well thought about beforehand, well executed and instructive to the Student and the learning outcome most positive.Authentic reflection to meat all basic instructions is well done. Student 1 did not only focus on building the HIGHEST  but decided to submit a smaller version which met best the different parameters of the exercise including personal satisfaction.As a ""critical friend"" the only remark I have is that 62 divided by 8 s shows a T values of 7.75. Student 1's work showed how important it is to really take time to reach an overall personal satisfactory result. Reading the submission I FELT the implication and awareness building Student 1 must have received. ""My pyramid is quite close to yours : with an antenna sho at the top :)Thanks for the description of your mental evolutionAnd effectively as you have a big foundation you have a little high ratio but it is a resistant pyramid !I didn't  about colour organisation (top/background), I've juste made symetric arrangement so it was a good idea .""Your  had definitely aesthetic aspects, I especially like the mix of golden/ brown with some black and white.May i suggest that next time you take a picture you clean up the background before and upload the photograph in the upright position? And, sorry to disappoint you, but you made an honest mistake in the calculation of the T value: you used the number of pairs of s, instead of the number of s.Anyway, I can sense the fun you had fun doing this exercise, it's communicateve, so keep on having fun with your creativity!"great exercise, it seems you achieve what you wanted, well done"I  that I spent a lot of time and energy to make a work as creative as possible. The  is high and it is beautiful because it looks aerial, unlike a normal pile of s.After giving it some thought, I  I could have varied the material more to make it look more beautiful (s drawings instead of real s, or even scultures / paintings...)""I find that   is quite impressive, it is high, looks nicely balanced and colourful.It is interesting to see different pairs of s - from adult size to baby. The  gives impression that author was using every pair of s she could get hands on. Another interesting part is, that s are put different ways one on another.The installation does not look very stable. The upper part looks great, there is missing some interesting element in the foundation, maybe those two little sandals on a floor near the  could give some nice accent.Its hard to criticize myself, when you know you did the best job in that moment. But i learn to look on my ideas from different perspective, try to evaluate if the job is really well done or i could manage better. Another thing - to be honest with myself, not always so easy.""escription is long, but you are not describing the process of building the . Very good point about the fact that unlimitless s... I didn't  about it, to be honest.I don't know if you though in classification the s before start it, or if you play/consider other structures in order to give more stability to the  without lose height (if you see the forum, there are some examples done by the colleagues)Nevertheless, looking your , I can assure that you spend time on it, ing and design the best approach that you had in mind.Great job!!""This   reaches good high and looks really stable thanks to side sneakers. I like how it is finished with bright color sneaker on top, like saying ""I am here, come, have a look how i am cool!""I found interesting, that autor tried to do with pairs of s.The main part of  is boring dark sneakers, it could be nice accent if those s, whats providing stability for fondation could be brighter, like that giving colour balance. I would grade this  with 8 from 10.Doing this feedback i start to learn to understand how to evaluate and criticize of the projects, not only  .""Wow great  ! It's very nice your daughter helped you build one too!Building it as compactly was probably a great way to have the  get tall, but it also made you use a lot of s, hence lowering your T value. But ing of putting the heavy s on the bottom and the light ones on top was also great ing! Too bad you did not have more s, you might have been able to go a little higher! Maybe you should also have tried a different technique, trying to use the least number of s possible but going as high as possible?Anyways great work, it looks great.""I was very surprised when I saw this  : Il looks great, even the first attempt and continue to improve to a three pods shape, to finally finish on a twisting shape. The final touch comes from the coma like shape, at the top.The interest comes from the ideas that came : Same type of s, a tripod shape, a twisting shape, and the coma to reach more height. It's beautiful, may be because the s are the same, which allows to concentrate on the design rather than on reaching the right balance, as I did with different types of s. It""s unique because of the design steps mentionned.If I could just say that I would have appreciated, in the description, some kind of what was in your ming when creating the different shapes. Did you  of a particular builb=ding, shape, encountered before? How those ideas came up ? What process did the creation went through ?I learned that a   could be beautiful, and this changed my representations of a  . This one is particularly great. I also dicovered how great was the idea to use similar s, as the regular shape would provide a better balance, a better symetry and more freedom to concentrate on design instead of balance. I also learned something about me : My first reaction was to  to myself that it was possible because there was an access to a  store, but writing this makes me reconsider,  as I could have probably decided a local store to let me play around with s in a corner of a store. ""I am sorry, but I am not very sure to understand how you built your  and how it looks like...""That is an unusal task :I would say that the strong points come from the idea to use similar s, paired on each level, in order to have a more stable structure. The description explained well the process, the cognitive phases, the trial and the ""lessons"". I also appreciate the diversity : There are not similar s which brings diversity, and challenges. Also the idea thatbthe heaviest and strongest s were to be located nearer the bottonm was a good idea as it considers not only weight, but also the strength of the s, altogether these two criteria bring more stability. I have tried to describe the learning process, and the limits when we are influenced (could be) by the rating formulae. The interesting part was the reflexive posture.If I had to do it again, I would try to make the  more eye catching; trying to find the detail that would stand out. What I learned is that it is a difficult task to evaluate your own work. Doing it trains your mental structure to do so, and it's probably a good idea to do that often. By doing it after having evaluated other s, brings new ideas (Here diversity as a challenge), doing our own evaluation first would not have allowed to find links, or things I did (or considered) without being able to put words on it. ""I  it is great that you had fun building your  and that you were able to compare it with friends.The structure at first didn't seem very innovative to me but you seem to have given it some thought, experiencing with different types of s to prevent the  from falling. However in addition to the order with which you piled the s, did you also  about varying the structure? Materials?""Good attempt for this first exercise, I was a bit impatient myself""Good and creative work. Congratulations.Is quite interesting because you created a real .Kind of Artistic work.How to be ""critical"" ? Maybe providing other photos but my request is non sense. CongratualtionsI grade 10 but where is the grade score where I can grade ? Anyway I grade 10""Wow great work! Your   is amazing!! It is not at all compact like mine was, hence you managed to get really high by using the least number of s possible! I'm not sure that with your technique you could have gone much higher but it is already very impressive, and even beautiful! Also good idea to have one  stand up on top of the .Moreover, I don't know what you could have done to improve it, maybe instead of having a 3- base, have a 4- base (although you may have tried that and seen that it did not work?).Anyways, great work it looks great!""I LOVE your choices of colours and the way you distributed them. It's the first time I see this combination of green (and black) and pink/orange in a   and it gives me a feeling of cosiness, a mix of strength and tenderness.It's a shame the photograph does'nt show the top of it!I would have liked you to comment your work more, to give us more details on how you end up with this solution, your number of tries (and failures, it's part of the game!), why you decide not to follow all the rules by building your  against a wall, etc. Don't be afraid to share your ideas, even if English is not your native language (it's not mine either!), and don't be afraid to rate your work.It was a pleasure to discover your  , thank you!"The exercise was achieved but not taken seriously enough ! next time"Students' presentation is precise and concise which makes it easy to understand.I liked the mix of the s. 4 men s, 4 womens' and 2 child s. It's a family .As a ""critical friend"" I would have liked to see a picture of the   and more information about the emotional go about of the construction.This submission highlighted to me that emotional feedback of ones' work and reflection on failure needs to be added in order to impact the understanding of the accomplished work. ""Positive:-	honest reflection with a story-telling element in the process description-	good T valueUnique:-	honest reflection and analysis of what could be improvedRevision:-	reasons for the grade on how beautiful was the  could be a bit more elaborated (e.g. which criteria were used for the comparisons on discussion forums)Education:- it is very interesting and insightful to compare my own ing and reflection process with the one of my peers.""I like that you used all your s and achieved a quite high . It would have been nice, if you had tried to make a more than one attempt and tried to reach a highter T value oder a higher  - i for instance found, that using all my s was not as effective and beautiful as using only some of them. I  that your  looks quite nice. Maybe you can reach out to your creativity more if you try more stuff (like stacking s into eachother, turning them around, buidling a pyrmid, putting s onthogonal to eachother) - just try everything that comes in mind, or play with the s, throw them around, and see how they land... I learned that sticking with the first thing, is correlated with lower creativity. ""P: Height, stability, structureU: Using plateaus and different s for different purposesR: more stability, more s and more heightE: Really do no know, since it is my submission""Hello!You  reminds me of the Eiffel !! It just looks great!  I  you are too critical with yourself - your  is at least an eight!What can I say on the critical side? Well, you have given your  a lot of thoghts, but I miss the written reflection on the T-Values.""I like my s, its pretty good material to work with. I also like that it does not look like the most other s ive seen. Ive only seen one other  similar to mine, which makes me feel more creative and makes my  pretty unique. I could have tried more different shapes and not focus on the T value so much, but also try to build much higher. I learned that its hard to give insight in your building process but it seems i can handle this a lot better than most of the summitters. Although i have to learn to describe my goals more cleary and give reasons why i  something is beautiful/creative/good enough"I like your  . Your toddlers' s added color to your design. I like the boots on the sides with slippers on top. It looks like you had fun creating your , even though your kids kept knocking it down. Well done!This is a really awesome  . Really great job!You created a masterpiece. I really enjoyed reading and seeing your work.The  looks great! Very aesthetically pleasing, much more so than mine. You could have got a higher metric (height in cm) / (number of s) by trying to get more height for each  added - some s look very squashed."Positive:-	Deep and detailed description of the construction process-	Good effort put not only in the creation of a  but also in the reflection and analysis-	High !Unique:-	Honest, deep and detailed reflection and analysis of what could be improvedRevision:-	T value can be much more improvedEducation:- it is very interesting and insightful to compare my own ing and reflection process with the one of my peers.""I loved the description I found it to be very good. Even though there was no picture, I could 'see' the . I found your making a plan for the  unique and interesting. I did plan, but not very systematically. I only had a vague idea. You went about the whole thing in a very logical, structured yet creative way.I didn't understand the 'no' behind the scale of 6 for the beauty of your . I've learned, first of all, to read the instructions more thoroughly. Your plan and description also impressed me. All seems so simple and beautiful. I was starting out far too complicate.""I like this   as it has a solid base by the use of only 2 leather s. Very creative, completed the task well and the color scheme used was a mixture of white and black, it is very harmonic to me.It is just a simple, artistic and creative  , 'A' shape and it looks very stable. It is very beautiful.It is indeed a perfect attempt! For improvement is may be next time, one can use lever system to increase the height or more s to make it visually looks huge.I have learned to consider the other great methods to bulid and shape my tailor-made   in the future, being a feedback provider allows me to celebrate the creativity of other course participants.""I like, that u actually build a   with a clear structure and have not just thrown s onto eachother. Also the heigth is quite impressive. I also like, that you seem to have tried different structures (12 attempts seem like alot) and then focused on the one you liked and was the most stable and tried to improve it (3 times). Thats what rapid failure and learning from mistakes is all about. I  it would be nice to try and reach a higher T value. You used quite a lot of s in comparison to the height. Maybe using the s orthognal to eachother would build a higher structure with less s. I learned that others also struggeled with the balance of the  . Also you are quite confident about your  and creativeness. I like that, i feel that its reasonable and helps you in life. "You created a masterpiece. I really enjoyed reading and seeing your work.My  s are stable. however, they aren't pretty and rathe conventional. Nice , great that you achieved 73 cms in just second attempt. A couple of more attempts would surely have given you even better results. I would give your  6.5.This is as totally awesome  . Really great job.I really like your  . It is very tidy and looks also very beautiful. I especially liked how you were inspired by the Catalonian human . I learnt that it is also good to watch out, what other people have already done, before creating your own work.I love that I took the pic outside. I regrett, not to have gone back to the forums earlier to get some more ideas and not to have involved my family as this would have had been a lot of fun. With usage of the laces I might would have gotten a higher .I really like your design. Nice to see that you have thought something different than just stacking s one above the other. You have achieved impressive value as well.May be some more attempts would have given you your dream result of 100 cms with 15 s. I will give your work 7.5 grade."Hello!I like the different pilling techniques that you have used in your  and that you deliberately choose to have a higher (and more beautiful)  rather than only the highest T-Value.The way you combined the two green s looks great.I  the photo would have been better, when the  on top would have been with the blue to me. I love the childrens pics on the wall ... if you would have taken the photo just a few inches from another angle It might have looked like a natural extension to your ."I  the process of going through the creation of some  s was done well. I've given some criteria of what I wanted to have in my creation and I worked with it. The results were pleasing to the eye, as well as the T-values were good. It took me 3 days (an hour and 5 minutes all together) to reached the  that I wanted and I  the one I chose has given me a high T-value and very pretty, too. What have I learned from this exercise? I've learned to be aware of the diversity of the creativity in each of us. That each of us try to do the best to achieve our goal, which we have provided for our work and they are all different. "I like my   as it has a solid base to support 12 s. Very practical, completed the task very well and the color scheme used was colorful, it is a warm and lively color range for me.A simple, artistic, irregular  , 'A' shape and it looks very stable. It is very beautiful as it is my own work, my creativity.For improvement is may be next time, one can use the lever system better to increase the height and makes it visually tall, wide.I have learned to develop other strategies in building the  by evaluating other's work and In the future, I can better bulid and shape my tailor-made  .Being a feedback provider allows me to celebrate the creativity of my and other course participants.""I like this   as it has a solid base to support 22 s. Very practical, completed the task well and the color scheme used was dark, it is a decent color range for me.A very regular and traditional  , 'I' shape and it looks very stable. It is very beautiful as it is your own work, your creativity.For improvement is may be next time, one can use lever system to increase the height or use s of lighter color to make it visually more lively.I have learned to consider the other methods to bulid and shape my tailor-made   in the future, being a feedback provider allows me to celebrate the creativity of other course participants.Well-Done!""This is a very esthetic and beautiful , I'm so impressed. What a great project between you and your daughter.I found the construction very unique. Like others on the forum, I inspired to use as many s as possible and build upwards. You seemed to have used a different approach: you obviously chose your resources according to esthetics and form. The T value, I , would be the 51/6  = 8,5. That's very high. You wrote in the description about 3 s, but later about 3 pairs of s, which would be accurate, I guess, by looking at the picture.Again, I learned that I'm ing much too complicated. Creativity can be so simple-looking. You need the ideas. I wouldn't have had this idea, ever."birds eye view! Shows you worked hard on stability and presentation:) I should try making a  with lesser s and a better look!I like your  . The structure looks sturdy with s and sandals combined and it looks like a pyramid. I also like the process that went with building your creation and that you've given all you've got. Well done!"I really find myself in your reflection and description of the process. I liked how you were totally honest about your expectations and your setback. I could really imagine the process you going through while building the . I emphatized with you. I also really liked your idea of building the eiffel  out of your s. That shows that you aim high and put some thoughts into this task before working on it. I can totally understand taht this idea didn't work out, cause I had the same difficulties with my s and the soft leather. In my opinion the task was more about the process, the fail and finding hope and creativity again. Not so much on how the final  look like. You gave the  a lot of thought, which is right of course, but maybe you could try next time also  more about the process and the deeper meaning. I missed some of this in your reflection and description of the process. Also for your self-criticism you rate your creativity and the beauty of your  pretty high. Thats your personal opinion and feeling and there is of course no wrong and right, it just seemed out of proportion to your reflection. I am happy I could give you my feedback and I learned about how other people failed and learned from this exercise, which is pretty interesting."I like your   as it seems that you really focused on the essentials, which means that you focused more on beauty than on quantity. I would be nice to see some pictures of your other attempts as well.It is interesting that your  design was inspired by Jenga - you never know where inspiration will come from when you start a project. The  description was not detailed enough for me to be able to picture it. It would have been better to take a photo if possible. Also, the metric (height in cm) / (number of s) was not calculated. Overall, seems rushed and not much effort put into this exercise."So....first of all, congratulations for having the assessment completed. I really like the colors, the different sizes of the s, which must have been provided interesting opportunities.The structure reminds me of a mushroom, which is really funny. Was this a coincidence or somehow planned. I i were you, i would have rotated the picture so that the  is much better recognizable. Seeing the picture i was not sure if it is free-standing because of the green door(?) in the background. I am not sure, but what do you  of using the small s as a pillar to the bigger ones?What i got of your submission was interesting, because having s in different sizes adds a new dimension to the building process. I just had my s, all of the same size ( really surprising ;-) ). Your  is extremely different to mine and more natural, so i got a new perspective on mine. Thank you for that."You created a masterpiece. I really enjoyed reading and seeing your work.After  looking at some of my peer's work, I now consider my  beautiful but lacking extraordinary design. Instead of just stacking the s I could have tried some different design. But overall I would now rate my work higher than my earlier rating. Now I give it 7 out of 10.Hi, good job! Not sure what to suggest. I  you did well ... and scored a higher T than me ;-)"Hello! As you, I really love the baby-crock on top of your . I would interprete as well that you had something in mind when you sorted the s: first the fundation - your partner, then the beautiful structure of your s and then your little ones on top... Did your family help?Your  shows a lot of different piling techniques which shows that you experimented a lot. I like the fact that you had set yourself a goal - to reach 1m. But to have missed it by 2cm, must be very frustrating. What I am missing in your exercise are your experiences to get to a higher T-Value."Really nice , especially these pink ones ;-) As mentioned, you reached your primary objective, a high-T. Your plan/idea and your understanding of the impact of the weight on the stability, was well elaborated. Maybe with a switch of the direction you might have reached more than 70cm. Compared to the other bunch of s i saw, your  is more like, which i prefer. I got from your submission that starting points are different depending on the "architect" ;-) So..., well done and excuse me for not being so straight PUREI worked hard to balance it,and never gave up even though it kept tumbling down. I tried to be creative so that it looks beautiful:) But I guess I need to work a little more on that:)"Positive:-	very brief and down-to-point answers to the exercise questions;-	persistence in achieving a high T value (6 attempts to build the )Unique:-	creative way of putting one  into the end of another to increase the height of a Revision:-	the description of the process could be deeper;-	the reasons for the grade on how beautiful was the  could be more elaborated (e.g. which criteria were used for the comparison with a friends );-	grade for the assessment of self creativity is missing.Education:- it is very interesting and insightful to compare my own ing and reflection process with the one of my peers."Hi, good job! Not sure what to suggest. I  you did well ... and scored a higher T than me ;-)I  I rated myself pretty fair and honest. I have high expectations and I know I could do so much more, when I found more time and commitment to my creativity. I also  I could dig much deeper into the process and made my reflection more intense. Even if I had imagine a more creative and more beautiful , I was honest I failed and I would also say I learned a lot from that. What I learned for the future is to be more detailed in my reflections and work on it with the same time and effort I worked on the  itself. "I really liked you reflection of this task! Your writing is great and your commitment as well. Going around  stores and asking for help is kind of brave. That you had no sucess doesn't matter. It the thought that counts. I also liked your idea of first collecting a lot of s, which would also not be necessary to complete this task. But however, I like your ing. Also I was impressed on how you reflect the process of biulding the . Talking about different zones and the structure, sounds like you are a creative engineer. A suggestion I would make is sending only one image of your  in. A   is a very unsettled picture, and dividing it into so many pictures makes it even more unsettled. I really had problems looking at this many impressions. But I liked the result and your reflection after all. I also  the rate of the beauty of your  is very fair and I liked that you chose this middleway. "first, it's tall, the best part is that I have used the boots to make it taller, and the football boots with nails can be inserted to the another, then I can use least s to build the taller , but it's not a beautiful , if I need to build a taller , maybe I can use more rain boots or more football boots,  with the same kinds of s will be more beutiful, I .more slippers than me, well done, it's not a easy job to build high  with small slippers, but the  is simple, I  you should try more times with different ways.Continuously trying again and again for making it better shows you do not give up! Lesser number of s,but you worked on stability.  You can also try to make a bigger  using the same approach that you came up with. I learned from your exercise that I should work more on making my tasks presentable.beautiful  like the Jenga, same color and not garish, it's my style, but I  you have chose the safe way and nothing new, sometimes we need to change our mode of ing, not many attempts on the same way.If I am looking at my  , I can say that it looks different than the work of my classmates. Although it looks chaotic and not beautiful and tidy at all, I can somehow laugh about my chaotic (and maybe impatient) approach to build a  . "The first impression I had was that the  was very colorful and well constructed. Again, the idea to use only high heel s make the work more uniform and beautiful than what I did. I  if more s had been added to make the  a little taller, it would have been more beautiful.I have learned that one can always improve upon work than, and there are more to learn from the work of others as well."Great heights.Stable. Colorful work, clumsy construction.Variety breeds creativity and Innovation. What struck me instantly was the fact that it was so straight!Ii had not been able to make that work for me so this is such a good effort. I could imagine the effort and planning that had gone into building it. The fact that only two types of s were used and a definite plan went into building it, that is, placing two s in such a perpendicular manner, was really good.In terms of what could have been improved, I  that probably including more colorful s would have made it more aesthetically beautiful, and so the  is skewed more towards it being tall than beautiful, but even with that, it was not entirely bland, so again, good job. This builder has taught me that if you thoroughly plan something before executing it, you're likely to achieve your aim."Positive: The   is beautiful and it looks strong. Unique: There is consistency in the   and it's all made of can-verse.Revision: Next time he/she can try to use fewer s in building of the  .Education: I learned that building a solid foundation is necessary for a  . And that in every thing we do we should make sure that it has a strong foundation""Positive:The   is beautiful and stable.Unique: The color combination of the   is nice.Revision: I  he/she could have gotten a taller   with the type of s he or she has.Education: The learned that the attractiveness of the   is also important and that in everything we do we should make sure it looks very beautiful. Even our ideas have to be attractive"Creative work. Leaning  but highly stable. Unique as composed of black leather s. Unique as gender-balanced s used; male s forming a stable foundation and female s determining the height. No variety of colours and s are unpolished but black is unique. Creative ideas are born of the mind and not gender specific. Wonderful Idea but lacks creativity and practicality. Ideas are tools for creativity. Height, beauty, stability and innovation were not demonstrated practically."Positive: The   is nice and beautifulUnique: It's simple and classyRevision: I could have been able to built a taller  if i had a stronger baseEducation: I have learned that the   is suppose to be beautiful and tall and it should also be strong. So what ever someone is trying to do, the person should always look at the highest limit he or she can reach and also make sure the work is beautifully done and has a strong foundation.""My first impression was that it was colorful. There were more colorful s than dark ones. Looking closely, I noticed that boots had been used, but instead of making them stand, to add height to the , they were lying. Then I realized that they were lying probably because they would collapse if other s were placed on them. Then again, all the colorful s were arranged in a particular order, with the dark colored s sort of outlining the colorful ones on one side and at the bottom. In consideration of the assignment which encouraged us to make the  as tall as possible, I thought that if the base of this   had been smaller, it probably would have been taller, thus achieving more height. I learned that the way you perceive a task affects how it turns out in the end. The builder was more concerned about suitability than height, if I got the reflections right, and so the focus was not on making the  as tall as possible. Grade: 5""Good Job! It is amazing how you were able to build such a tall  with the number of s you used. whiles I was busy trying to build a big and wide base, I see that your work did not have a wider base as mine but still you were able to build a taller  than I did. I agree with you that if you had added more colors to your work it would have been more beautiful. Your work has thought me that sometimes less effort can be used to achieve greater results. The reason is that whiles I used over 78 s to achieve a  of a little over 80cm height, you used less than half of those s to get a higher height.  ""That's a very smart design that actually enabled you to create a very high   without so many s. You've got some nice colours indeed and I  that the fact that your s were modern really helped aesthetically.  The fact that you used the flat shape of your boots to maintain stability was very smart. In addition you've used the flip flop in a very smart way to make your  look nice and high enough.Well Done for achieving the above result with only 2 attempts! In my opinion  the boot which is placed at the right  from the first pair of boots (the white one) could be placed exactly as the one at the left handside. That would make the base of the  look more symmetrical and I  that it would look a little bit better at the same time , if you get what I mean.Thank you very much for giving me the chance to see how easy is to finish something quickly and provide good results at the same time by using the right material at first.  Secondly if you  in a smart way you can achieve effortlessly much better results without spending so much time. Well done and many thanks. Keep up the good work! I would give you 8/10""Impressive for its simplicity and very effecitve for only 4 s used.The colors work well. The choice of s is really interesting as it gives a sense of belonging to some with a keen outdoor/free spirit.  I feel this theme, perhaps using the same casual  types, could be built on to create an even more dramatic effect.Personally I have seen that simplicity and having one theme can be so effective whereas I had gone for a range of different s which does not have the same impact.Would have rated as 6 for first attempt""I am not sure, how the last  balanced on the top. But I like it! 8/10"I long for the picture of this green  ! It would be great to see it. The most excellent element in the entire description was that there were 6 attempts! this is a great sign for me. A person who does not easily give up, will certainly have good results in her life no matter what, and will certainly enjoy her creative projects. The way the   has been described made me  of a vertical crocodile, and that made me laugh. It would be a joyful sight. Surely it is a unique , since it is made of 2 pairs of s only. It was also inventive because it took advantage of the stiffness of the rain boots in order to ignore gravity. Maybe with some more attempts the  could be enriched with many more rain boots and create even a pyramid with the same basic idea.  I deeply appreciated the fact that this project was the opportunity to ask the opinion of other people too (family). That made me  that creativity is a wonderful platform for communication and exchange of ideas (a message that arrived to me the most needed moment, thankfully!). This peer review reminded me that there are two important elements to creativity: repetition  (as a great antidote to the fear of failure) and communication as a step towards team work. Two very important reminders indeed.Well you did it and you did it well. Others might do it better other worse some not at all. It isimportant to enjoy the procedure being proud of yourself and the time and efford you decided to put on the exrcise. Sometimes we  there is no other way to do things or that we run out of ideas well trust in ourselves and our possibilities relaxing observing and immitating maybe helps to moove on when this happenedto my exercise i remembered things such as the diversity the relax and enjoy the procedure the he does it - i do it - we do it story i watch in one of the lectures ..so enjoy the traveling in creativity and explore your creativity..what i learned from your nice  is that sometimes we are so strict with ourselves that we miss the fun Your towe is lively creative and unique like you like me like everybody ... Enjoy the travelling..."Colourful and interesting use of  types.  Structure could be more solid and actual s more varied in color.Lessons learned: perhaps simpler is best""Positive: i love that my  is solid and looks like square Unique: i find interesting the fact that i do not use slippers and not put  s vertical to gain heightRevision: i must use less s at the back so i can have better ratioEducation: next time i use (if i have) more coloured s :)"very nice try though, you could use less s in order to increase your metric.Very nice discription of the process.I liked the , and I thought you made very creative use of the heels, the way the s are linked is intricate so if I were to 'rate' your creativity I would put it at at least 6."Looks very sturdy and well supported with intermingling of s of well balanced shape and sizes.  The finishing touch with a brown high heel lady's  is a lovely way to top the  (even a message there perhaps!)  Given this has a very 'lived in' feel to it perhaps you might wish to conside the background (a simple wall) rather than a door just to avoid the other features of the room detracting from your .Overall grade 6.5Reading your comments I find your self evaluation (if somewhat strict) very open and postiive and I  I personally have overestimated my own so there is a lesson there for me - thanks."This is a good effort. I admire the T level, however I don t like the idea of leaning against the bookcase, s are free standing. About the aesthetic of th  is very subjective, for me it s fine , there is a variety of  types and colours. Though I have a question, what is really that white thing hang out from the horizontal boot?. I like the way the procedure has beev discribing and I find interesting the interpretation of the specifications about leaning."Hello!First of all, I want you to know that you did a very good job, despite the limeted time. Basically, you've made 2 submissions so I will need to comment on two each time. I found your idea to craeate 2 s very smart, because (I did that, too :P and because) that way you scaled differently each time, which shows creative flexibility. Also, I loved the fact that there was shapeliness in the colors and shows that you worked on it and it was obvious.However, if I were you, I would put the one boot into the other to make the first  a little bit taller or I would not even make it at all. In my opinion, the best choice of all would be to combine your two assignments, somehow. Finally, I would like to thank you, you participated that vividly in this procedure in spite of the time restrictions. Try, also, to teach your baby those creativity lessons from a joung age. You will spend more time together and you will both benefit (especialy your baby).Jours,John Moustakas (johnpot1@hotmail.com) "Dear Classmate nice try with the line of s !! nice height !!  the most admirable and unque from your   was that you put a lot of different  type !! Great Choise !! Let me suggest to put more design and more shape in your creativities. But the most amdirable and most reflecting  was that you put a lot of different s and make the highest line of s that i see so far also you put them with very nice order to achieve that high!! Congratulations !! I   the  was tall enough but it could be more beatifull.This is another nice  , wellbuid according to specifications, looks really steady and stable, with a good T score too. I find unique the attempts and adjustments made, in order to build this "jegga style"  . Nevertheless there should be more insist on make it higher , probably you should enlarge the base...also I  that you shouldn t be so strict about your project. Through your  I will adopt the idea of the building prossedure. Well done! A positive thing is that I used a lot of s. A unique thing is that i mixed up a lot of colors. A suggestion would be that next time i can try to devote more time to the exercise and to not underestimate the exercise. What I've learned is that even though I thought that this exercise was not very interesting, it turned out that it has become one of my favorite (in terms of creativity)."Hello,I am very happy to see your beautiful job.I liked the fact that it was made with different kinds of s of different colours which makes your assignment more creative. I also found it unique that you took the idea from a cartoon. It shows that you payed attention on the clips that the CIC team made, reffering to children's behaviour in order to understand creativity.I totally agree with the way you valued your  and I believe you'll reach more than 8 in your final assignment.Finally, thank you for learning me that good ideas are given by children and their choices.Creatively yours,John""10/10I'd never thought that a  of s could be use in a creative way. I loved the process and I  that i manage the the task. "As an attempt to self-evaluate my -, I can say few things: first, as I was looking again at my submitted photo of the   I have designed, l realized that this sight was aesthetically agreeable to me and was making me feel joyful. Certainly, I keep constantly in mind the particularity of my construction (it is a virtual and not a physical artifact), but nonetheless I feel grateful of technology that offered me the possibility to create despite the realistic limitations, enjoy while doing it and feeling extremely creative during the procedure. However, in a next reproduction of the same project it would be better if I could try to construct a new  with real s and deal with the physical problems I did not meet with the virtual  . This entire self-evaluation offered me the opportunity to confirm the positive effect this entire project had on me, motivating me, giving me the urge to , imagine, visualize, reach a successful problem solving outcome and applying it in order to reach the goal of the project ( ), while at the same time this entire activity was accompanied by a great feeling of accomplishment, fulfillment, creativity, that also affected the other activities of my daily life and also offered a positive perspective and happy mood towards life in general. All this solidified my conviction that human beings are innately creative and that creativity is the big purpose in their lives."Positive: I thing your submission was a quite impressive one.... Your 's structure and the fact that you got into that much trouble just because you wanted to work on the exercise, prove that you are really thrilled both with the course and the exercise itself...I love your descriptions, they are quite accurate and complete. Unique:I loved the fact that you chose the public library to construct your  . I also find quiet inspired your idea of using/constructing a "" bridge"" Revision: I do not have exactly find something ""critical"" to say, you tried hard and that's obvious....The only thing I'd disagree with, is your way of calculating the the T Value...It was about the number of s and not the number of pairs of s...So the 13.5 pairs of s, actually means 27 s, which make your T Value 80/27 = 2.96.Education:I  I got quiet inspired by your submission..I will try to be more descriptive next time, and locate the best place to execute my assignment, apart from my boring room."Well done! I appreciate your effort to build a tall and stable . Maybe you could pay a little more atention in the aesthetic side of you . Your T score was very good, it is a score that I couldn'r reach! I liked the composition of color and shape, and the depth. Very different from focusing on making it as tall as possible, For me it shows creative and original ing."The first and most highly noticable pros of the assignment is the fact that it has been created and designed virtually. This is an action that promotes creativity and innovation as well.I, also, found unique the fact that it was made obvious the assignment one of the evident principles of the creator, ECO-SPIRIT.However, it would be better to put less emphasis on the achievement of the T value and more on different kinds of s or making a real representation of the .Finally, from this assignment I learnt that it increases creativity to give a more personal and representative aspect to anything we do in our lives so that they continuously improve.  ""The first impression was ""wow! this is a real  ""! and it stands so well! I liked the uniformity of the colour on the top and how the s were more open-coloured near the base. I also liked its symmetry, a perfect cone-like shape with a quite satisfactory height. That is why I wondered what would have happened if my classmate would have tried at least a couple more trials to find even more ways to create a new original shape. From this existing outcome, it is evident that she/he has fresh ideas and a good  and  practical mind.A comment I have read on the answer sheet (""make a back up plan"") made me  that there is a certain feeling of reluctancy about experimenting in being creative. That made me ask myself whether I present that trait too. I have realised that this is the case some times and it can become very corrosive to my quality of life. Overall, it is a great privilege to read the ing procedure behind the creative project of a peer. It makes me understand that we all have our fears, our urge and force to create, and if we learn to channel it correct it through creativity techniques, miracles will happen. I wish to my peer the best personal miracles! ""The   was very elegant. The construction beginning with stable foundations, I mean the boots, was practical. The different direction of the boots gave stability to the .The top was very creative, because tying the  laces of the black-white , the slippers were stabilized. The top reminded me a flower and gave the  an essence of ''movement''. The top I liked it me the most!!Very unique thought.I  you could experiment with more colors so as to be more alive, mostly the bottom. Using more s could be a challenge for you. Designing the  maybe could help you so as to use more s but also to find the suitable colors. Tying the laces of one  to another could give you the foundations that you were looking.Proving a feedback helped me to observe an object, to imagine the planning stages of a procedure and how to improve it."Well done! I appreciate that even you had the restriction of not having many pairs of s, you've managed to build a tall . I find you much more creative than you ! Your T score was very good, too! Keep on being creative!"Positive: The ""christmas tree style hanging"" idea was quite interesting....I would say the same about your initial aspiration of building an ""Eifell  of s""Unique: Sorry, but apart from your initial ideas, I am not quite enthusiastic, nor satisfied with your submissionRevision: Your execution was not that successful, and the outcome was quite poor....at least based on what I can see at the picture...Apart from the fact that we do not have a picture of the  before falling, I'd recommend you would have used a bit more of your imagination and tried some extra attempts.... Plus, I thing with 33 pairs of s, you could have accomplished a higher ...Education:From what I have understood from this exercise, two are the most important values...1st: Try to be innovative and to attempt crazy ways of solving the   problem and 2nd: Try as many times as you can, until you will have the ""Eifell "" you were imagining...""I believe that the way that s have placed with big and heavy s at the bottom of the  and the smaller and lighter at the top is the strong part of this .I find unique the synthesis of last 3 high heels and especially the last two silver high heels which by the way are placed, a beautiful form was created!As a friend ... I will  suggest that maybe a little more form at the base of the  by adding more s in a free and creative way will change the very structured base of the  and probably would give more energy and interesting form . A great balance would be created between the beautiful formed top with the bottom of the .As a feedback provider I 've learned a lot of things ...such as being positive to others creation, to accept and to appreciate the diversity. Also I had the chance to interact with a  very different than mine ."Dear Classmate WELL DONE for your project it was awsome as you described it !! I found very intersting the fact that you have used a lot of types of s !! from casual to Athletic one !! Let me sugest you to put more design in your ideas and try different things like square  or a wall of s to be more gigantic in the eye of view ! i have learned from you that in the creativity sector you should put more types of material and more tectures !! Great job !!"Hello!It's very nice to see your beautiful assignment. The first positive thing I noticed on its fabulus stability despite the height. It was quite smart a thought to set a strong base, from the begining, and then go on building with less heavy s. I also found unique the fact that your  is very beautiful, because I understand how difficult it is to make it remain steady while making appropriate colour combinations.However, If I were you, I would build a stronger and amplyer base so that I could make more colour choices later and make the  taller, besides the saccess of the assignment depends on its height and not on its T value, according to the rules. For the above mentioned reasons, I would give you 8/10. I hope that you reach 10 by yourself and not by me. It is important that you become more confident and, most importantly, creative.Finally, thank you for learning me that hard work, determination and moderation are always essential qualities for anything we do in our lives.Creatively yours,Johnpot (johnpot1@hotmail.com)"First of all I found very clever the pattern with the  laces and I really like the shape of the  at the top!I would recommend that you put more s because with your pattern they would definitely stand and yoy'd have a taller !Very nice try though!!It looks stable and i like it. Good job! I  this is a good start!"Positive: i like it because it looks solid and stableUnique: used lot of s to make it more challengedRevision: he could use slippers backwords to be more interesting the  on the other hand slippers do not give lot of heightEducation: i will not use slippers or sandals"I like my   because it has diversity and wide range of -styles. It is also quite tall! The only thing I do not like is the fact that it looks a bit "messy" but I  it suits my personality!!"You gave very nice ideas about how to build efficiently a ""stable  "" and the fact that you've used a light weight  at the top is indeed a very smart choice to achieve both height and stability. I really liked your reasonable approach and your ""T formula"" result gives a very high grade.However I can't really see any picture or diagram of your idea and the realisation of it in practise to be able to learn much more about that. That makes things hard for me to believe that you achieved nearly 3 feet height with approximately 20 s. If you provided a draft of your work as a picture it would really helped.Nevertheless, you made me learn that an effective,reasonable planning and strategy really helps to achieve the final result without fiddling around for long. It is all about planning, building your own strategy and preparation at the end of the day, isn't it?"Nice try classmate ! You had put a lot of colors over there !! and nice heigh you got ! The most unique thing at your   is the colors and shapes!! But you should put more variety of s and try to focus on design more thanyou did. I have learned from you thath i should use more colors and shapes in my designs !!! Great Job !!!"I was curious about what the next assignment would be so I also opened yours. Therefore, I will not follow the given guidelines to review your work.First of all, I give you a 9/10 for your assignment!!! I would like you to know that every creative personality, like the babies, get bored very easily. So, it's a recognisable advantage that you attempted to finish it lots of times but with very little duration. You haven't understood that you are a natural talent, yet!Also, if you hadn't referred that your  was tidy I wouldn't have notice, because the quality of the picture is too low to find out. Besides, children are used to having unclean s, as they are most of the time in ACTION!I also noticed that it looks like eiffel  so I'd name it like that to increase the creativity grade...! :DFinally, I wanted to prove that you deserve much more than 2 points!, but   it's owed to artists' continuous insecurity.Have a good and dirty-creative day! :PYours,John Moustakas (johnpot1@hotmail.com)POSTSCRIPT: I would really like to know how old you are, cause I'm curious. If it's not a labour, please yust send the number to me. I'll understand :)"very nice presentation of the process and quite right. Well doneOnly the fact that  i have put away my control freak character and i have met my relax and playful self makes me happy. I tried to adjust some of the things they are part of me like analytical ing and organizing top the task of the exercise and  i enjoyed it very much. I d like to have more time to spend exploring and learning but ...well at the end through this exercise i applied some of the theory i learned through the videos and starting reading the CENTER i start to see things differently :-)I  that the basic strength for this submission is the fact that this student did not make a lot of attempts but she managed to create a   that is captivating (at least to my eyes). What I found unique about this submission is that the student used a lot of different types of s and therefore she created a really special kind of  . What I would suggest is that this student tries to add more s to the   because it will make it even more challenging for her. What I learned from this submission is that sometimes someone's s DO reflect his soul.Very artistic !  i like the combination of the colors!  Good start!One the most positive things in this specific case is the fact that this fellow student made a lot of attempts. What seems to me as a unique characteristic in this case is the fact that the student chose a really complicated and rare shape to give to his/her Show . What I would suggest to this student is that he needs to try a little less in future assignments cause it seems like he/she overdoes it a bit. What I learned from this submission is that people that really engaged to this exercise became really competitive and really gave it their best shot.The first word that came in my mind when I saw the picture was "chic"! The s you used look very nice  and the way you placed them gives a  minimal result!I also like the fact that they are super  clean. You could use more s but I really like that you kept it simple and pretty. Good job!"The   seems to be large and ambitious!!Using many pairs of s as foundations you achived stabilizing the .Very practical idea!! In every row the s have different directions such as bricks. An engineering way of ing!!After the third row the  is more formalized and shaped and becomes more elegant!It seems that the construction is a little chaotic but in a creative way.I  you could play more with colors,or better switching from dark and to bright s so as to be more interesting and more aesthetic. Providing a feedback helped me to observe that in a chaotic construction there is a planning,different of mine and it has its own beauty.""Positive: very good and use the s with right way.Unique: he put heavy boots at the bottom and lighter s at the top. He use vertical a lot to increase the highRevision: i suggest next time try to put more  horizontinally to have a better baseEducation: i ll use next time the idea to insert one  into another!"Being myself on holiday too in the greek island of imaria  it is nice to see a  tree made by you on your holiday ! How nice to use your creativity during relxing and enjoying time with beloved ones. I enjoyed the story behind your idea It is strong and looking the result itis obvious. A strong dence connected and diverse group of s (people) that create a tree (family). The primary task though (t formula) was taken aside by sentiment and the emotion of the story of your tree. I really enjoyed it and had great pics of your family contributing and encouraging you . Would be interesting next time to try to accomodate the task with the emotion That is what was a lesson for me from your  and i thank you for that Enjoy your holiday ....I really admire this  , not only for its T level but for the whole procedure, ing , searching, realisation.. I love the balance of the , and I enjoy the online trip to shanghai. However I would like to use more colours. At the end I like the way of the very detailed desciption, it gave me the idea. As a conclusion I could say that this is like Aiffels tour! CongratulationsI am very happy because I managed to achieve first week s assignmen, following the specifications and I really liked the procedure. My  is unique thanks to it s emotional value, many will  ou it as a pile of s but not for me, its colourful and with a variety of s. If i could rebuild it , I would be more serious, I have learned that creativity is everywhere , from hoy yoy make thing or the way yoy understand or see things. Everyone has its own value, according to one s creteria."I believe that the strength of this  is the result of cm with only 8 s. Also  has a balanced form.I find interesting the way that the first four s has placed by using the hole of the first pair of s. I would suggest not to use a drawer to help the  to be steady. I would try a little more because the base of  which consisted from the 5 s is such a good idea to begin the  and to continue in such a creative way as well.By this submission I have the chance to see a  created mainly from men s which helped to reach a great height. Great idea....""Positive: Nice construction, beautiful. An interesting attemptUnique: I love the way the s have been placed, with a strong structure on the bottom and a complex, but still effective, top. Revision: It could be a bit more beautiful, the picture could have been a color one, so we could see the combination of the colors. Education: I have learned many things, oat of all the way creativity combines with logic and effort!""I like the first image very much! very creative and balanced. 10 /10"Nice !  I could had try more times. But i enjoy the way i had to  to make it better."I had the same mindset for the structure as you, placing the heavier s first to make the  stable, that's a great principle!""Congratulations! You have achieved the first challenge of the course, amazing you made your  with few attempts. I find it interesting how you put the s to find balance. I  the challenge was not to use any other object than s, but I see you've found a different way to make it bigger so I respect that.You taught me that there are always other ways of doing things in order to find solutions."Pretty interesting your structure, because you had a mindset about how a  can be sustained, I got the same height as you but I used more s, so your idea would be more profitable than mine. I  you  has beauty and creativity, I have no suggestions for it, I really liked it. "Congratulations! You have achieved the first challenge of the course, you made your  pretty fast and with few attempts. I find it interesting how you put the s to find balance. I suggest you, to keep working in your creativity and keep trying to innovate to achieve the goals, do not be afraid to try other ways of doing things you might be surprised of the results. You taught me a different way to do the  and I find rewarding, so I encourage you to keep going."Very nice! You did a great job. You could add other s. Good jobI appreciate your suggestions and I'm ready to do better. I have completed the first two phases and I learned a lot from my mistakes.Very nice! You did a great job. You could add other s.Very nice! You did a great job. You could add other s. Good jobVery nice! You did a great job. You could add other s. Good job.  8/10I will give you a 9. Good job! It seems you used different s and colors.  I pictured a very clear  by your description.  I like the use of different kind of s and the s you placed on top.  I would like to see a picture of your .  I learned that different s at different levels were more successful than others."I  it was a smart move to use boots because you obviously gained height and sturdiness, I commend you for that.I really like the practical aproach to it."A 9 is a good score for this .  It seems solid probably could hold two more s.  I like the way some s were placed to give some stability tio the next level.  The pillars for the Eiffel  are missing.  I learned that a simple task can take a lot of time and might get complicated.I give you a 9.  I  you were too hard on yourself.  I also like 1 and 2. Great job!  You did 4 prototypes.  I learned that planning and trying different prototypes enhance the final product."First of all, I applaud your effort to complete the asignmento considering your restrictions!Second: Good news! I was able to see your picture and I  you did a good job, well thought and nice although, as you said, maybe you could've used al little more time...I do have to congratulate you for your effort and keep on going!""I  I did a pretty good job, not the most amazing thing in the world but more tha acceptable anyway.I found very interesting having to make a reflection on the assignment. It was, to say the least a humbling experience.In my case, I'm aware that ther is a big opportunity to improve my perfirmance.In this particular case I learnt that I have to be bettr prepared next time."Haha! I  lady can take advantage in this assignment, the  looks good and artistic. I rate at least 7 in your ."Although I have no image to see how beautiful is the   , but from what the student told , I can imagine he spent a great time and be serious even asking help from his friend and cousin. I couldn't give further comment and feed back on the creativity score because I didnt see the   image ."It is simple and effective for it only use 3  than the T value is hight (13.3cm). If I cam try to use another material of  the  may get taller.Interesting, special, wonderful, good, good effort, amazing, extraordinary, great, bravo."Great work from the students . Spent much times to keep on trying till succeed .But I thought students are not allow to use other material beside  ? He use string in his  . ( little offences here , hahaha )Overall , this is a creative idea from students , unique and beauty .I will rate it at 8."I  the   is beautiful which girls must love it.Well, I like the structure that student 1 used, that is, a structure like Jenga, stabilizing each layer by putting a big s between them to keep it stable. That's a style I have never thought of. The interesting thing of the , is that the  itself looks like a Jenga, and I love this game so much. If you asked me what to improve the , I would say that the combination of color of the  can be changed by using different colors of s. By doing so, the  would be more colorful and beautifu.l(personal ideas) From this piece of work, I  that I can improve my work by putting two s in parallel to make a stable base of  and then I can put more s on the top of them. So, my  can be even taller than the one I built last week.  You clearly show your work on the exercise and make the  in stable and simple structure.  Picked slippers are so cute.  Placed in the balancing position.  Boot stand as a head of human being.:) Suggested you may add more s for your .  Say create third or forth level.  In the forum, instructor said if you target for tall , T should excess 10. Your T is greater than mine.  Actually, I havent  that just 2 level can made T up to 9 something. Good job.           It is to try your best, but can it add more s?Needs adding some artwork and decorations along the front or top.You are so smart that use boots to build the , it is a good choice . the bottom of the  is very interesting , since you put the boots upside down , and join into the other , it looked very special.  If you put only one boot on the top of the  , then T value will change from  10.17 to 12.2 ."Positive: you have been paying quite some effort in doing this as you have used 20 s in building the  ( comparing to mine I used only 4 s).Unique: Due to lack of information shared, there is limited unique aspect I can observe. Haven't said that I belive the design of the product can be good due to the fact that you described it as a pyramid.Revision: I am just wondering if you have try another approach in building the , especially after you have received the instruction on T""Positive: I am really impressed by your effort, as a matter of fact, the design of my shows  are very similar to you approach but due to my time constraint I used only 2 pair of s. Another positive aspect is that you have approached to build the  analytically as you have sort the s according to weight of the s.Unique: This is really a very tall   as you have attempted quite a lot of time with hard effort. Haven't said, the design of the whole s are fairly typcial.Revision: I would like to see if you have tried a completely different attempt in building a  with higher T, as I  there may be a possibility to build a higher T when you reduce the number of s. "compare with other  shown in the forum, it's so colourful.  Slippers stood in their single way, in creditable.  Seems no try an error process, planned by picture drawing only.  Hadn't try another way or concept for  building.    "Positive: I would definitely see the whole process when you are creating the  is very systematically and radical. As you have mentioned that you have put ""stabilization"" as the key objective, so it is not difficult to obvious that the construction of the whole  is consistent. Unique: While to me the design of the product is more typical, you have make an additional attempt to put the bright color s on the top of the  which make it looks unique.  Revision: Infact I am very interested to know if you have try a different entire approach in building when you learn about the T. As when I see your design except the tallest s that is trying to maximizing the T, the bottom part is more focusing on building of stability. Education: Your approach is different from mine. Mine is trying to maximize the height without ing of the stability, so it is important to consider more element that is outside the requirement when you construct the  and make it persuasive. ""I  the  really looks nice. I have shown my concern based on height, design and appearance of the  which are main factors to be considered in this task. However, I should not only considered them as creativity is the ultimate goal. To be creative, there are even more different aspects like uses of the . Number of attempts to build the  can be more. I learn to  from different perspectives and  deeper."You did great effort on the assignment. I appreciate you did different solutions and make comparison on the results. "Nice balancing act!  Sounds like you lots of fun for a few hours :)Where did you get the ribbon?  Nice idea to beautify the bit boot!"You did great effort on the assignment. I appreciate you made use of the computer software and make the project interesting. This is a wonderful  ! It is very stable for it's foundation strong , and you are very smart that put boot on the top of the  . In order to increase the T value ,take out one of the black ladies  , it does not affect the construction of  the .Your s  concept is similar to my s , it is nice and strong. I  the outlook of your  is quite good. I will rate 6 instead of 3, I recommend that you should place the light color s on the top and dark color at the bottom. It will look better."Since nobody ever said that we could not build the   with just 'one' , my '' might probably still be accepted.  In fact I have just chosen one tallest ladies' boots and let it stand on its own.  It was a clever way to getting pass the rules and also achieving a very high ""T_value"".  But since there should be no rules, I considered that was something outside the box.I am not sure whether this will be the tallest   with the least number of s or not, but I guess this will probably be the only one submitted.  In other words, this  is, to a certain extend, quite unique.Since I succeeded in maintaining the balance so well, I should have used more men's boots as the base and build the  up.  I should have used some lightweight slippers as well because I have quite a number of them.  I just really do not  the  is pretty enough.  Some other submissions showed that people could build  a   in other form, and that is really inspiring.I should have used more variety of s and trying to put them together in various ways.  However, even though I did not do it that way but I am glad that I realize that now and here.  Thank you everybody.  Not only professors are teachers here and teach us something new, we all do.""My first impression is this is superb! You said it was enjoyable in joining coursera courses and I can see that from your work. I appreciate that a lot and thank you for your effort. You provide great details in the planning process and even suggest and imagine how to make this task more meaningful. This really is what creativity is about and it is quite unique that I believe it is difficult to find in others' work. The diagram provided is another great feature in your work. It would be even better if more illustration on those diagrams can be provided.  Moreover, your description on process of finding resources, ""s"" for the  is interesting. I can see this course do help us improve skills on solving problem like how to find more s!For any suggestion to make the work even better, more wordings could be used to relate to the appearance or design of the s  because it is quite a major objective in building the . I really learn something from your work. Play hard but also be more serious on these coursera courses. Also creativity can be in many aspects like in this  case, what you  of is how to make this task more meaningful and even share to the outside world in reality. So creativity is not just about how to build the s . It can also be about interaction. Thank you for your participation and I do learn from you! ""The first 3 levels of s do not have any physical contact at all.  This is quite surprising as I thought they 'should' be leaning against or in touch with each other in order to gain support for stability since we need to take a picture of it and send it back.  If the  could not stand for at least 15 to 30 seconds, how could we possibly have enough time to take a picture or two?So this is quite unexpected.Also, as we are instructed to sort of build as tall as possible, everyone of us  will try using the s both in strength and height.  However, this  is so interesting that 2 little red s were used BUT it did not help increase the height.  Remember the ""T-value"" rule? The 2 little red s will only decrease the ""T-value"" but did not help in gaining one single inch of height.  Anyone will remove those two red s to increasing the ""T-value"" and also keeping the balance.  This  certainly has an unique feature.I reckon that it not only reflected how 'he' cherishes or loves his son but also the close relationship they are having.  Also, I would take a wild guess that 'he' is raising his son on his only as no women's s have been used.  Looks not that logical, right?The least suggestion I can give is to  of a way to put the red s on top, thus achieving a higher ""T-value"".  Furthermore, I  I would vote this work a 6.5 out of 10.  It is not that bad and I personally like how 'he' put the 2 red s.The showing of father and son intimacy deserves some points here.Well, by the way the red s were handled, I would say creativity should have a human touch throughout.  No one wants an idea that is so detach from people.  After all, we people, would validate any creativity by interacting with it.""Nice balancing act!Interlocking high heels was a good idea.Did you try adding both buckle boots at the top?Amazed the high heel can balance the boot at the top.Does it wobble?Good effort (thumbs up)."At the first glance of my previous work, I found that I was trying to build a solid base for the , which is theoretically correct to make a tall . As for interesting about the , I would say that the  was really like a real , in term of shape of the . If you asked me what I can improve for this assignment, I would say the color of the  isn't attractive enough and tall enough. Therefore, I should probably reduce the area taken in the base, and, by doing this, I could make a taller . Lastly, I would correct mistakes I made in the assignment, which is, there was 20 s used to build the , not 10 s, In this case, student 2 reported that he/she used 7 pairs of s to build a 50cm  , which is quite good. However, I  that the answer student 2 provided can be written with even more details by giving me the process of strengthening the base of the , for example. Since there is no photo/picture provided, it would be a bit difficult for me to determine whether this piece of work is interesting or beautiful. "After review other students home work , I see my   can be done in more unique way .Maybe I have have some decoration on it ???Anyhow I have use all my  to build this  .Compare to other students , I rated myself at 5 , or maybe less then it . ""Well, I have never thought of doing this   exercise in my office.  This group did really have fun and I would say to them, this course should be the most cost effective if they are paying the 49 dollars.  Look at the legs standing by.  I am sure they have the most fun.However, it has nothing to do with money here.  I am so glad that this group could share their ideas together.  This is a step ahead of most of us as many of us did this exercise alone.  Well, if I have to comment on this constructively, I would say ""get more colleagues involved""!  More colleagues = more s= more sharing = more fun!If you have a very creative idea in your mind, share it with someone, the more you share, the more 'recognition' you will get and thus everybody could have more fun out of your one single idea.  The best part is, if the people do not like it, at least you have validate the ideas making improvement possible.  This group built the  for a few times and suggestions have clearly been made!"Very nice, but is the picture anti-clockwise? I still did not know which is the base. Anyway, it is interesting"I saw many of the  s in the forum and I was happy to see how I had used a SINGLE SHOE PAIR base and gotten to a pretty decent height. I thought the use of solid s at the bottom to create a strong support and light s at the top was a great idea.What was most interesting was creating the ANGLES in the 2 middle pairs of sports s thus helping me to raise the height of the  .  The main suggestion that I would make for this   is to have studied the possibility of using an additional pair of s at the bottom to create a more SOLID base thus allowing the   to be further improved on (increased in height). Also I definitely feel adding some visual art elements would make it look more artistic and visually pleasing.I learnt to look at my own work (and others work) from a more critical perspective. And I also learnt how to communicate ideas more diplomatically."Interesting high heels , structured and organized. A wonderful combination which suddenly offer another angle to view the beauty of high heel . If the high heel  could build higher, it could be amazing! The student work done inspired me to pay attention to characteristic of different item such as the success of building a special high heel  from its uniqueness of the items used."Wow. Very cool way to create a   using the Leaning  of Pisa as a reference. I would LOVE to have seen it specially because you used 24 s and used a pretty wide base (60 cms) and also first layer had soles on the bottom and second was soles on top.I love the fact that you used circles and a combination of colors to give a visual appeal to your  . Great effort and very artisticCreatively speaking, do you  you could have done something differently to increase the T-factor ? You got 65 cms height with 24 s so the T factor is approx. 2.7. Do you  that had you done it differently you could have increased the height of your   ? Or perhaps used less s which too would have increase the T-factor ?One of the things that I learned from reviewing your   assignment was how wide bottom circles could be used to support other layers of s. Also I was impressed seeing how you made it all fit so neatly without it tipping over. Since I didn't see the actual picture of your  , I enjoyed using my imagination to understand how you made it. Thank you for your efforts. Wish you lots of success in this creativity class.""It looks very nice as it is exactly what a  looks like including the dark colour tone ! Balance of weight of s in the  is really a challenge in this kind of building method. It could cost quite a lot of time, so I believe that is why the building process could be boring. But I still hope you enjoy the process. Appreciate your effort!Since it was just the very first lesson in this course, I also found creativity to be a difficult goal in the "" "" task. Hopefully we both can learn to be creative soon. For improvement of this , I suggest some other building methods like trying inserting the tip of the  into the ""hole"" of another  because it is great fun of playing them like LEGO. English is not my first language, so hopefully my English could be understood. Besides, this is the first feedback I provided in this course. I feel great to interact in this format because you have to  a lot about your own process of learning as well as learning from peers.""Nice  . Love all the colors of the s (and the use of a carpet). Also making the slippers stand tall AT THE TOP was a brilliant idea.Something unique that I found in the way you made your   was how you created a strong center-focused base (bottom) using tilted s. And then you gradually raised the height of your  using flat s and fitting another lighter pair into it and then you put slippers vertically at the top. Great job.I did wonder if the white slipper at the top could have been used to support another 1 or 2 slippers / s to further increase the height ? Even wondered if the space in betweeen the vertical black s could have been used to wedge in another slipper to further increase the height. Good job overall with your  .I like that your   exercise made me  how I could try and improve the height of the   by finding nooks and wedges. Good learning experience."Quite innovative way to build the   which is astonishing! It attains the highest height which is wonderful. If  it is possible, try all s not lean to the cabinet and it would be amazing thing. I believe it could be done and inspired by this student. Thks!How crazy for your work.  But compare with structural work  I like yours.   Its hard to imagine your s  can stand there for photo taking.  So, I understand, if I try, I CAN.Oh! What should I says, T is too small. Have you try to make it taller?  Seen your work, I knew I should take risk for my next exercise. Well Done.      "It has an impressive T value, great!The minimalist style is interesting. Maybe the beauty of the  should have been more ojective.I larned that the low effort causes limited ideas only."I like that you didn't just put the s on top of another, but you used them in various angles. Your  has a nice height, too. Like you said, you could've improved on the beauty of the , but I wouldn't say it's a 6 out of 10, but rather a 7. I learned from your submission that it's good to have a steady , since mine didn't look as steady as yours."I like the  'cause it's concept is based on simmetry :)) - I also loved that you pay attention to design details such as putting the strings in a round shape. (or that blue slippers just for decoration- nice touch of colour :)) )It is interesting that from the front it seems a bit caotic, but from the back the holding/base structure can be seen very clearly.Nice work - thanks for sharing :)"Well, you really seem to be a thorough person! And also a hard-working maximalist. Your work is fantastic, your t-value is really impressive. Just do not start obsessing about assignments."Hi,This is definitaly a very stable , with many s.I has a robust pyramidal form.However the T value is not too high.I should also have used a slipper on the top.""It looks like a strong .It might be unique that there are slippers in between the levels/layers.The work might stick to the old school ideas of a  and could have used more colour, design concept. - Think out of the box! :)""It's very nice, that inspite of the raw material shortage, you made your best, try a lot, and make a lot of fun!It's interesting for me, that you don't do it alone, and you get support from outside!You can try it with plenty of s and different sandals, two s can be combined to form an L shape, and it's a taller base element for  building than two mirrored parallel s. Plain sandals  are good to connec L shapes and form a platform for next layer."Do pay more attention to the instructions next time! Do remember to take notes of whatever seems important to remember! Do experiment a bit before finalizing your work!"The square shape and  sandal  connection was very creative :) I like them!I have simple man style sandals, and can't go that direction, that you, and don't try that style.  So i , the raw material can limit or direct the ing into one or another way.""Hi,It is a great  with very vivid colors and funny peak.I like that the structure is not repetitive - as you also mentioned it. Perhaps you should have paid more attention to the T value.I also should have used my boots as a foundation.""It's very positive, that after facing a problem (falling ), you tried many differet ways, until you solved that! (instead of give it up)You can try to put one  into another one to form an L shape, and it's fun to build from that form! ""This is a very nice !I love it's simplicity  :) - clear structure, back to basics  :))Do not underestimate your creation it is very nice and your T number is impressive as well."First of all, I really like the colorful s that you used. It's one of the nicest s I've seen. You could've built it a bit taller, but it's not that bad. I learned from you that I should have used more colorful s for a nicer aesthetic too.As a matter of fact, your structure looks so bold from the side that at first I thought it must be supported by something like a bedpost. But as it turns out it is not just bold, but also stable enough to support itself. I would also like to compliment you on the design ( something I never paid any attention to in the case of my own ). Four attempts may seem  a bit too many, however, the result is really pleasing to the eye. I do  I should also be more concerned about the design of my own 'product' if we ever get a similar task again. I like that you had a really high T value, and quite a high . It was a good idea to have your parents pitch in with their ideas. Maybe you could've made it look a bit better, since the colors clash a bit. I learned from your submission that it's better to work as a team, than alone.Self evaluation on my work I am happy that I achieved the plan that I thought, the unique aspect i like in my structure in the height, symetry and diverse range. I would clean up my pairs and also use a better quality camera to capture the  better, I learnt to involve my family as a team in accomplishing my objective.The  was good and the after having read the various submissions you did manage to capture the thought you had in mind, good job, the unique aspect of this  is the order in which it was kept, you did not resort to a uniform method but chose to balance the whole  with the pairs available, the only critical area like the  i built is that the pairs were not very clean but dusty so we sail on the same boat there. I learnt that we need not be uniform in our placement of the objects to achieve the mentioned goal.The structure was well thought through, with the heavier s making the base, well balanced and with a variety of colors.The unique feature was the way the s were kept, with the background rich in color. There was nothing critical or wrong I could see except for one  that kind of protruded from the rest which was kept in a very neat order. I learnt that if required you need not cross position and interlock the s like I did but can build even with it being on a even way. GREAT  job...keep the creative juices flowing.T value of 5 seems high...mine was 3.something...so great job! The idea of using insoles is quite unique. Due to a lack of picture, it is difficult to exactly visualize your  , though the description does help. Reading through your submission, I really liked your thought process, and how you have tried to view this activity in the right context. Wish you all the best in your future creative pursuits!To be truthful I now, after seeing many other  s, don't find this one any unique or 'out of the box'. Yet, I  I made a pretty passable attempt, enough to get around 6 out of 10 on the overall attempt."P: I like how you participated with your grand children, because although this assignment is a learning experience, you should also enjoy yourself!U: I found your amazing creativity during this assignment, unique. You clearly favoured enjoying yourself with family rather than precision although you were very precise, which is very impressive.R: The only suggestion I can give is, use colourful material.E: I learnt that sometimes I should look at the precision of my creation instead of the beauty.Thank you!!"Very well done. The thing about arranging it in colours is very great... and that is a very tall  u hav made.. good goin Mr/Ms/Mrs Creative... The  i made is nothing compared to the one u made... Great strategy to increase the T metric. The concept of putting the soft s one inside the other is unique (along with a boot for base). The process description could have been more explicit. Anyways, big learning for me to attack the problem from the idea of increasing the T metric."Well done.The pictures are cool and so it the , I must say it's good work.Cheers.""P: You were very honest with your approach to your own evaluation and you yourself were very positive towards it. Also, your  was beautiful and had a strong base.U: You were, again very positive.R: You could have focused on the writing as much as you focused on the building of the structure.E: I learned to be positive, yet focused on my work and assignment! Thank you for working so hard and giving me the opportunity to assess your masterpiece!"The decision to use sandals is good, since it can lock itself. The  looks beautiful and amazed to see the higher T value of 7.4. Would like to see the  made away from the glass partition, it looks like it is leaning on the glass. I have learned of selection of material before starting the exercise."P:perfectly stacked,base is strong with use of gum boots, and beautiful.U: s are stacked alternatively to balance the  which i found  amazing.R:don't stuff the .E:learnt some aesthetic for family ."IFF theory applies to your work, so I  I should really appreciate your efforts after each failure to come out with a better work. You have very clear vision of what you going to achieve in life as I could see from your work, you foresee what's going to be. I am sure the   symbolises something, does it really reflect any Mandarin letter (Chinese letters). I bet the   needs an in-depth study to really understand if it implicates any hidden meaning. I applaud the way you organized and submitted your   activity. I should have taken snaps of various stages to better present my work as well. The only aspect I  must have been focussed on is colour flavours to give a better visual."Well done, the structure you build is quite stable and colorful with a golden crown on top. Must say you have pretty good collection of heels and bellies. You nicely applied principle of IFF and using CIC action plan overcome your failures in previous attempts. I appreciate the way you assessed your  by asking friends and family. And yes, your method to put boots and sneaker at bottom level made your structure stable those light weight colorful s on top layers looks awesome. I , you could make your s  more clean and tidy by making it in pyramid structure or better way, By making this way you could also remove the tilt of your  . You should use less no. of s and bring up structure of more height, keeping value of T low.The most important thing is you learnt from your failures and made improvement in next attempt.Good luck, Keep learning the skills of innovation and bring up the change for better"Great effort with a definite target in mind . I notice a very stable base that leads to stability.You have shown your seriousness for learning and completion of the task by the attention to detail and reporting on the attempts.The touch of colour has added to the visual appeal. Did you have fun doing this exercise. It would have been good if you had expressed the fun you had."Congratulations on your T score. I  this is pretty high. Good thought process around your .I like the idea of just using the heavier boots at the bottom and working upwards with the tall boots standing high and supportive to build a tall .If T was your value factor and you did not have these high boots, how would you have achieved the same T factor using your different s. Just a thought to take a different stand and see how far you can go. Try it and see if it possible to go outside the comfort zone.Overall, a nice effort for a beautiful tall ."The structure is stable, functional. Also there is an element of colour used at the top. The number of attempts used suggests that experimentation was done. Compared to other submissions the design is not very unique. In the next version I would encourage myself to experiment with different form of footwear and learn from the inherent instability of using sports s for this purpose."Positive:Impressive work,height of the ,descriptive,work completed in less timeUnique:Keeping sneakers in a form of triangle for the foundation,Use of two layer bootsRevision:Starting earlyEducation:I have learnt how to write descriptive answers and to be not taken down by failure.""Impressive about your construction. I  the unique thing in the construction is the shape of eifil  that you've mentioned. I would like to suggest you not to put the pictures if they are not clear as it might leave a bad impression on the viewer about ur project.I learnt that an eifil  can be made by s. That idea was amazing. I learnt creativity out of this"Positive i love my work,i always believe all your activity you have to like first then only you can present it to other.It is unique and very good.very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) "Positive - I thought the   was original, in that it was clearly focussed on acheiving height.Unique - It was not a borad  but a tall narrow Revision - You could have considered dressing it up as recommended with the way the colours were usedEducation - Through providing this feedback, I realised that I ought to have tried many more number of times.""Positive: 1) The  looks well balanced.2) The selection of colors of s from dull color to vibrant color looks attractive. Unique: The combination of selection of s is unique as it contains the all occasions s from party wear to home wear.Revision: More height could be achieved if done with similar kind of s the selection of slippers is a bad choice unless they are kept as the top most one. The description about the project is very minimal. The picture could be posted straight as the evaluation is difficultEducation: More color could be added to my project submission to make it more attractive.""Positive: I really like the  . Happy to evaluate your assignment! :-) I like the top of the  , especially the arrangement of the top 6 pairs. It is unique and clever. The slipons and s have been used well to make the structure stable. The total height attained and T value is excellent. Makes me  the person is either an engineer or an architect.  ""I first built a one-level very stable base by placing two s on their sides with the laces touching and building up from there"" - Good design. Unique:  ""However, I figured out that I could place the heel of one sandal inside the open-toe strap of another sandal."" - This is my favourite part. Good design!Revision: Some improvements 1. The photos could have been rotated. 2. The pair just above the top black soled  could have been removed to attain a higher T value. It is adding very little height. 3. ""I tried to balance them but s aren't square."" - My strucutre is similar to the one you made, and I had the same issue at first. I just increased the gap in the lower 2 pairs. Then I arranged the curves carfully to prevent the  from becoming crooked.  These two things gave my  stabilty. Education.I liked the way the top of the  was made. Key take away for me was good design.  "I  I did a pretty decent job and that I stayed true to the exercise and did not cheat.The structure is stable enough to withstand the load on top.  It seems you have took about 10 times to build it, but for the tenth time you would have got a clear idea and could have done better with much more creativity and height. As your evaluation of giving 6 is correct though i will give about 7. That is actually for your persistent determination.Good strategy to increase the T metric. The shortness of the  is a unique way to approach the problem. However, would suggest to be a bit bolder and aim for a higher . Anyways, the approach to increase the T metric is a learning for me."First of all congratulations on completing the very first exercise of making the  .  Your   looks just fine and the cherry on top is your dog . It gives a fun feel to your .The information you gave about your isn't enough. Try and explain more in the next exercise you do.You could have used your imagination more and could have made a better . Be more enthusiastic about whatever you do next time.I learned that sometimes we need to push ourselves to get the the other end, the end where we want to be, we wish to be.good luck for future work""Cool work!I bet you enjoyed this fun activity.Cheers.""this is quite honest and itwas nice to see that he used only four s and reaches that height. HE COULD HAVE USED more s.really liked how honest he was wit his self evaluation"The Strength of this submission is using 15 s, the  was made 80 cm, we can see the patience and effort taken to develop this . This was a job well done. What I found interesting looking at this submission is, how the shape was developed out of the  with a proper balancing towrads the center. There is only one point which I would recomment for improvement, rather than keeping the s standing still, it could have been kept normally which could have given enough balance and probably the size of the  could be increased. My learning during this process is creativity takes time, we don't have to run behind it, but be more patient. We have to do lot of analysis and then develop the plan to work on."Positive: the   was well built. The flowers seeing on top of  look good.Unique: unique is the placing of  in the garden.Also, a critical analysis of self by student.Revision: come on buddy, the exercise was for giving us ideas on how differently we can . look at forums in which different students have tried their best to make this exercise a wonderful experience. you have put good efforts and t value close to 8 is not at all bad. Education: i learned from you that you have a great amount of confidence in doing things and you are critical at evaluating yourself. I will also do things with great confidence in future.""I felt that you have seriously underrated yourself. One thing which appealed to me at first glance was it is aesthetically pleasing and has symmetry. I like the way you used boots for good height with fewer number of s. I found it interesting that you spared 2 pairs in beautification at the base instead of focusing purely on the height.I  with couple of iterations you could have increased the height. I  you have been too humble when giving yourself rating. Though the  looks simple, many times there is more beauty in simplicity than anything complex. While it is good to be humble, please dont underestimate yourself my friend. :) I was too much focused on using every pair for adding to height and put the aesthetics secondary on my priority. I learned that aesthetics are as important as achieving end result i.e. height ""This was a unique creation in a way as nobody else has thought of something like this.I have used a loophole in the given project. I could not use strings or tapes etc. (any external material). However, I have assumed  laces are part of s and so could be used to attach one  with another.If I have to make it again I would work more on showing better viewing angle for the picture and also intersperse different colours for better effect.My learning from this is that sometimes seemingly trivial things are not so easy to achieve or fulfill.""P: I tried very hard and kept my persistence to the end. I worked on the writing and explanation of my failures, just as much as I worked on building my .U: I tried to put a bit of humour into my assignment and was very honest about the whole thing.R: I should have made my  more beautiful, but towards the end, I decided to do it to the point where I can successfully take a picture without it falling.E: While doing this assignment, I learned that failure is not necessarily a bad thing. ""You tried for 10 times and then finally made this good looking  . It's really appreciable.By the design of your  , it seems you were trying to make same structure above the first three pairs of s as made of them. For the fourth pair of s you must have put lots of effort to balance properly.I , the s you had were more than enough to build the  rather than using neighbor's s. The more the better always applies true, but here we have to optimize the available resources. Even less no. of s could have given a greater T value in your case.I  the best approach towards this activity was there were 10 repeated attempts and then the final  came up. It helped in learning about the conviction and dedication of involvement in the activity without compromising and giving up. ""You tried a more to get the best result nad And you choosed the best and tried different prototype.My suggestion is while creating this  , you should use some creative ing like a construction like a building and keep a model in mind.From the above expample I understood that while doing any work, should keep some idea in mind like I need to get the final result like this."Self -motivation is appreciable. You were measuring each step to boost your self. Thats why you could hold your self upto 15 attempts. You should have used back side of the  to create flat surface so that the number of attempts can be controlled.I donno y u keep ing it was bad but it is SUPERB!! U did a great job.... i liked the support u gave at d bottom... good ideas... quite a tall structure... and i would rate u 7 on the beaty scale for the ... "I am proud of my submission. I couldn't make it very colourful as I didn't have colourful s. My  looks strong.My submission is unique because it has got a strong base. It would have been nice if I had added colour to it. I should have acheived my 'T Value' more than  5 for 26 s.From the submission of other friends in the discussion forums I have come to the conclusion that I should have made some more attempts to acheive a better design.""Well seeing the effort put in by  class mates , I felt  I could have put in some more trials . Could have tried combinations of colorful s   etc ..  Its  difficult to give feedback  the ""PURE "" guideline is definitely a great learning, which I can use .. Positive :  is tall,free standing  Unique : I put in a design sketch  , which may be my engineering background .Revision : Be more aesthetically pleasing .. Thanks ""This is a beautiful picture and look more of work of art, considering carefully chosen background.Though the student thought she had less number of s she was successful in creating a new value for the project.As the main object of the task was to get tallest  a routine stack would achieve better results.My take on this is that what's around does add to the beauty and value of the thing under consideration."1) Process Description is vague -"put the project in my mind and leave it open to guide me" basically very ambiguous; 2) T Value is not computed 3) Very colorful  - good looking!It is a very simple structure.It is created in such a manner that it looks different in different angles.Many more pictures of the  from different angles would have helped others to really appreciate the work better.I have learnt that any given work can be done better if given another chance."After reading about your  , I felt that you are a person with a lot of patience and perseverance. The way you have told about the positive and negative of your   is very recommendable . I rate this as 6 out of 10 scale.You have done this activity by experiential method which is actually a very good learning process, rather a systematic learning process.It would have been still better if you could use some more  and made it taller. And may be little more of colours would have added to its aestheticism.I learnt that that every aspect of whatever you do should match the perfection, otherwise your complete efforts go futile. ""Hey there,I thought you a very good effort in not only making a wonderful   but also entertaining your family while you're at it. I loved the red  at the top and it immediately caught my attention. The fact that the   stayed intact all day is amazing!! I guess if I had to make a suggestion I would say maybe you could add your own twist to the  by adding streamers or ribbons to make it colorful. My take away from your   exercise was largely focused on how the entire activity became a social thing for your family and friends. It's fantastic how the exercise instigated so many people to enter a conversation, even on instagram for that matter. Happy socializing! ""Positive:- The  made, is in fact very colorful. And is tall as well. Unique:- Its unique because, shows of different sizes are used effectively.Revision:- Try building stable structures which are more orderly, instead of cluttered ing. Order and structure are very essential, as they reflect the strength of our creations.Education:- If we don not have all the s, we can borrow them :). Colorfulness is also important, and creativity is best expressed with colors. Presentation also matters, as a nice block of stone has been used to support the  at the base.Overall:- I rate this 7/10. Magnificent work. Good job.""really liked the how well she explained the process. being a teacher she graded her pretty well.it was interting to see how she practically failed herself in beauty and mentioned it.the   could have been more taller with the no of s used.even thou its her work she could have easily boosted about it. but her evaluation was honest."excellent work. i liked the way you thought through and confronted your thought process to come out with the . The representation of your thoughts in the form of flags were also good. Good luckNow that i have seen some s of other students, i am beginning to see how much more is possible. "This is a brilliant submission and I can't imagine anything better than this. You have clearly spent a lot of time in this activity and the number of different approaches you tried is very good.The number of different type of attempts you thought of is greatly creative.Getting feedback from peers is a part of learning and you need to show your work to your friends.The first attempt you made wit a T of 3.46 which by my guess would be the try attempt for most, what I did was I worked on the first attempt and made slight improvements whereas, I could have just analysed the whole structural design as well and tried out new ones. I also stuck to the s I have, so my resources were limited, whereas you expanded your search and got better resources for yourself.""The  looks quite aesthetic.It reminds me of Eiffel .Obviously, you cold have put in more time to try some more approaches.Overall a decent effort.""The   is done well as I have used less s and the height is more than the people whom I have evaluated.Revision: I could have used a strong base so that I could make the  more tall"Hello, I really liked how you have worked on.the strutural requiirements of the    right before proceeding. the  does look very strong and not easily collapsible. The  could have been a bit more better looking if lesser number of s could have been used. It might have been possible while still keeping the base strong.  It could have also raised the T value of the ."Yo!You had good time doing this exercise.All the best for the rest of the course.Cheers.""Positive: i took exercise as a good learning tool so devoted enough time in planning for various shapes of . I enjoyed the exercise a lot.Unique: if i could able to build  as per my imagination, i am sure it would be unique among all students.Revision: i could have given camera to my wife to take a snap. I didn't involved her in this exercise since i wanted to do it myself.Education: together, we can do better."It's really good work! Keep up this work further down the course!Hii friend. I am sorry your picture did not open up, but i could somehow gain an idea about it through description. I also used 3 s at the base. I assume it must have provided better stability as it did in my case.  I am though pretty sure that you could have come up with more solutions . I personally feel that apart from building a high  this exercise was also about coming up with diverse solutions.Positive, very creative,unique in narrating the  very good show "Positive: It's good to see you mention that the structure was sturdy. The insertion of one  into another helped in getting a better height in the base. Unique: what was striking is the use of slippers and balancing the weight of the two slippers on the top even though they were placed on a single slipper. Trying to showcase a verandah in the  seems interesting.Revision: Although the  looked sturdy, I would surely suggest that more combinations in building the structure should be tried out. That would help in understanding the parameters like weight considerations, stability and requirements for the basement for a sturdy structure. Also we can learn about how quickly we need to learn and make necessary corrections to make a failure structure turn sturdy.The base might be broadened a bit. Also please take a front view image so that we can understand how exactly each floor was constructed. Education: As a feedback provider, it demanded me to , appreciate the unique feature in this structure and also share my suggestions which could possibly help.  ""Well done! The  really looks good and surprised to see that you have used just 6 s with a good height. Unlike the other s, where a number of s are used, I liked the most was usage of minimal s. Aesthetics could have been much better. I enjoyed doing this assignment and each time I built, I got a  better idea and built the  better."Very methodical and elegant work. Demonstrates effort put in. Congratulations"HiFirst of all, I  your  is aesthetically great with the use of s having different colors and their arrangement (particularly at the top). The   exercise, for me, was also about expressing oneself, which you have done really well.Having said that, there are some issues with your . First of all, the assignment was to make the tallest FREE STANDING . From the image, it seems your  is resting on the door. This does not count as free standing because the  has taken support of the door. Secondly, I believe you would have taken the support of the door because the model would have been very unstable. So, the stability of the model was very low in my opinion.Apart from these two issues, I  your design was very artistic and aesthetically pleasing."Wow! Looks great! May be you could have tried few more times and see if the outcome could have been better."It was a minimalistic design which served the purpose of attaining large T value. The use of boots was especially interesting. Also you did not try to unnecessarily increase the height of  by introducing more s which would have reduced T value. But, aesthetically, the  is a bit monotonous. It is literally a straight  (I mean lack of shape and color is evident which is okay because you focused on having greater T value which essentially requires lesser and efficient use of s).I must say your  was a good example of using minimum resources effectively to achieve the desired output.""Usage of flats after every two pairs is a very good idea to stabilise the . Also I noticed that you have used trainers (sports s) which give better height than the normal s and give better consistency of height (as compared to heels). I agree with you comment that you could have done much better with few more iterations. I  patience is one of the important factor of creativity which most of us lack due to our hectic lifestyle. But some more patience could have further improved your .Your comment about doing it last minute made me realise that I did the same thing, started very last minute and hence didnt give my best, settling for the quickest possible solution which came near desired result. I should try and do exercises well in time and give it enough time to reflect and try few iterations. Thanks for making me realise this. "The   is very neat. Achieving height with less number of s is worth admiring. Your comment ' doing the most with what I have where I am' gives impression of not moving out of comfort zone. You can try to challenge yourself and push your limits. Good luck"8 s and 86 cm, that's amazing. Wish you could have added a picture or described a liitle more how you created it.Also you havent calculated the T metric asked in question 3""I  the   was very well done in terms of height and stability of the .According to me the most interesting was the height of this . It was 88 cm tall which is really good.I believe that the person could have used different types of s as well as different colours to make it a little more fun.I learnt that creativity can be similar (because I had made a very similar  too), which is contrary to what people believe and say. ""Positive : I like the fact that you overcame your embarrassment about trying to make a   and finally made one. I also like the fact that the student gave a thought to the material and weight of the s and used that information to make a stable . Unique : I share this persons embarrassment in building a   at home. I liked this persons courage to admit the embarrassment and then overcome it.Revision:Please provide a photograph. ""Hello friend. A really nice . I do not know if you did this intentionally, but the bicycle in the background kind of tells how tall is the  which i clever.  I feel that perhaps you could have placed the heeled  in a manner that its height could have been utilized better. I liked how you have placed s in different ways, up , down sideways to provide stability and height. All the best !! ""I  really appreciate you for your creative approach to the task given to you.The solution you used is very unique.But I would like you to know that the task was to build a  , the idea which you used has no  in it.I really liked your way of approach to the problem given in hand and it has made me re number of ways to tackle problems."lazy attempt. Could have tried with more s. Not a scalable model."This student has a methodology in place to construct the , this is a very good point.  Then he had started his activity with the expectation to fail(Collapse) and he quickly bounced from each failure to construct a most sturdy design.    Considering the number of s(21), this student should have tried out different designs, he had just went ahead stacking the s and making it free stand.   With this count, he had lot of opportunity to fail fast and reconstruct many varieties of design.   From my learning point of view, I understand that I need to utilize the resource as much as possible to try out different possibilities, fail as quick as possible and come up with many alternatives for a Tall and beautiful designs.   I thank him for this wonderful learning.""good job done n whatever resources available  to youwell planned for base n achieved good heighthazy pictureoverall good "Firstly, I find your your s very innovative and I loved the way you made your   like the Eiffel  and that should earn you a extra creativity point .! I even liked the frankness with which you presented your answers, it helped me connect to you better. For the overall task, I'd give you a 8 - 8.5.When I completed the assignment I felt reasonably good about it . I felt that I had achieved the objectives I had laid out for the . However I wasn't driven to achieve either greater height or a T score. I didn't use the fun element to get unique or out of the box solutions. I did however appreciate the concept of fast intelligent failure that we intuitively use ."Very well structured s !! yes it has been built keeping in mind the Centre of Gravity! Would love to see you to make more of these structures. What I have learnt from it is that having a sketch in mind as well as looking at Center of gravity helps"Simply beautiful. Following your objective from the very start was what I liked about the submission. I cannot really say anything about what could have been done to improve the submission. I learnt a lot from the submission like even doing small things like building a   one should not remain focused on the objective that in this case was to provide stability to the . :)) Keep up the good work!"This friend has provided a detailed log on the steps that he executed to construct the .   He had mentioned in an interesting way.  He had utilized IFF very well to come up with the better and optimal design as early as possible.   The intensity of his learning also was a great point to note.   His design of 4-2-2-2-2-2-2 is some how different from the regular s that is available on the internet, he had laid a strong foundation and then he started building upon the top structure.  Hope if he had spent some more time then he should have learn more techniques and strategies to make this , a wonderful master piece.From this friend's work, I realized that I have spent more time in explaining the structure that I had created, I had just highlighted the important points,  it is good to jot down in a conversing manner so that it makes interesting for the reviewer to read and value it.   I thank him for the wonderful learning""Actually you have done a wonderful effort using two approaches. You are really an enthusiast person to have researched and done these creative work with so much perfection. Particularly your second  looks as though the ballerina is about to touch the dance floor.You are an amazingly creative person.This s could have been still better if you could use some more baby s to add to its beauty.I learnt that whenever you make a thing , you should look at it from different perspective so as to reach the zenith of perfection.I rate this as 8 out of 10 scale."Looks great! Almost twice as tall as what I could build!Without a photo it is hard to comment on your ! But I can understand your limitations and I did enjoy reading your description of the  and your thought process behind it. Cheers!I  you have done a good job and you tried many times to get this output so I  you have done well . Since you had lesser no of s you needed to redesign it multiple times. Working with a limited no of resources is a good thing and you should carry on with this kind of work.Good Job! Sorry I can't see where I can criticize you for this !  Seeing the other people's s I  my   is far more beautiful than theirs...I am glad!"Cool .Good combination of colours.More s could have been used.Like the blue colour.Lovely presentation.More explanation required."Well done buddy! The  looks fantastic, I particularly like the top , its like cherry on the top. Balancing the s must have been tough and it seems very stable to me, so you did a great job! Congrats!"Best part of the submission was the use of one big boot to add to the height, i really like the idea. Its good that you completed the exercise in one single attempt, but I believe, the purpose of exercise was try different permutation & combination of arrangements till one is satisfied. The idea was to learn from failures. As stated that all members of your family rated it as 7, you had chance to rework till everybody felt it at 10 and then posted the assignment. With such large number of s, this was possible. It appears that you wanted to use each and every s available in the house, as the s placed at the outermost to form base are not adding to anything except number of s. Instead these s from outer periphery could be used to add height and then one big boot could be placed this would have increased the height even more than what you obtained now. Although monotonous, the pink crocs could have been strategically placed as 'accent colour'. Also, s with some textures and innovative materials used in  making, could have been placed in front to add some interest to the whole composition. This submission has been quite interesting and been an eye- opener- critical ing, creating value, learning from failures. In short, I enjoyed it. Marks- 7"The last two s add a wonderful touch to the  besides adding height. You have clearly experimented to get the base as a stable platform and have a stable design.  I believe the scores you have given yourself are too low. However you could have challenged yourself to get a higher  and pushed the "performance" bar higher.this as you said would have demanded off you choice of options. Great work nevertheless.The  has a perfect basement provided by placing it in zigzag fashion so as to provide a tall structure. The 8 points scale given by the user justifies the . In terms of creativity, yes only 7 or 6 should be given because there is no extra structures around the  to make it creative.The   looks amazing. It shows how diligently the work has been done. I like the approach of the research that has been carried out, from structure, design and the human angle that has been added beautifully. The flow of ideas reminds me of fickle nature we humans have. i  your   is awesome. The height you reached is incredible and i  the last , which violates the symmetry actually gives the  a very unique feel. It looks like an actual . Your title was fantastic. I loved it. Cant see how it could get better!! Great work!! Very cool - I love it when technology can be used to create images of what is to come or what is possible. Imagination is king. The colors and the arrangement are very interesting and the image reminds of a dance troupe/ cheer leading group finale. Based on the design of the s, would the laws of physics allow such an arrangement? That is the only question I have - but risk is directly proportional to success. I too should have explored some digital imaging in addition to my actual  - although I do not possess such software. This has pushed me to further explore my computer skills from the perspective of acquiring additional skills to engage in creative projects."Positive:Being honest and building a   with many s.Unique:Description of the  is very creative and unique.Revision:Do not underestimate yourselfEducation:I have learnt how to be creative in writing answers.""The  does looks quite aesthetic, compared to mine obviously!It reminds me of Eiffel .You could have put in more time to try some more approaches.Overall a decent effort.""Positive: How in the world did you get that final  to stick. Well done. You kept the design narrow, allowing you to use fewer s and get greater height. Unique: I  the fact that you managed to get the  as narrow as you did is very unique. I had to start with a much broader base. I see in your description that you mentioned it tipped over, I can see why. Way to stick with it. Revision: I really don't see anything worthy of revision. I  you did great.Education: Well I won't know how you did it, but the education for me, is I could have used fewer s. Oh well! ""Very well constructed . The fact that it stood as it was till you took it down is testimony to that. You used the material well, picked s that lend itself to interlocking. Good ing there.An interesting aspect of the  is that you used different ways of holding it together. Like I mentioned earlier, the interlocking paver concept. While several people (myself included) have used this, it has been uni dimensional. You've used different ways of doing this. That's what makes is interesting.Yes, the  could have used some color / texture. Either through out or perhaps as a highlight towards the top. But it could also be that you were constrained with the s you had to work with. So, next time around, you may want to keep presentation in mind while working on the construction. Or for that matter, anything else. The big learning for me is the use of s like interlocking pavers. And the different ways it can be used. Lot of us have gone for horizontal. Few have gone vertical. But you've used both.  ""I liked the way s of various colours were used to bring vibrancy into the structure. She, as most of us, learned that we need to have a strong foundation to have a tall free standing structure. Thats the learning from this exercise for all of us - including myself. The T value of 1.5 seems a tad less at 1st, but then looking at the kind of s she has (mostly flats, unlike chunky boots men use) getting a structure 75cm tall and stable seems quite a good attempt. She did mention that she used borrowed some of her husbands . May be that could have been used as the foundation and then stack up her own s to get more height. The heavy boots at the bottom, could very well balance and support the weights of those flats. I did like the top of the  like a roof. brings a bit of character to the structure.As with most of us, we learned the practical usage of the term "" to have a strong foundation"" really means."This is great . You put in a lot of effort. Admirble. Keep it up . I give it a ten"Wow!! T value 29. You are a genius,creative, liked the way you analysed and your motive to get T value greatest did appeal me.It was the best possible use of resources"The kind of improvement from the pic 1 to pic 2 is excellent. The second  looks like a reverse lambda sign looks different and stylish. 6 different types of s used are unique and adds to the appeal more. Only point as a suggestion is that different types of footwear used not strictly s which can be avoided in future for more adherence. Point to be noted here is that it is not always necessary to have multiple s on the base to have a bigger T Value which is an unique style in itself I grade this 7/10"Based on the two peer reviews, I do feel better about my  in some aspects, I was able to meet the requirements of the course, build a  with significantly more s than my peers, submit a picture as required (one peer did not submit any visual image) and make a few attempts even though I was really swamped at the time. Of the three s (two of my peers and my own), I did find mine to be different, aiming for balance and efficiency with a creative approach although I could have pushed myself to knock on my neighbors' doors for some color / female s. I learned that even though I was facing a time and energy crunch, I could have pushed myself to dig deeper into my resourcefulness and innovation reserves. I could have taken this more seriously not from the perspective of a higher T value or from an academic perspective but to ensure that I pursued my creativity to the optimal limit.""Positive: The  looks really attractive and making it a 51 cm tall  is no mean feet.Unique: The attractive part of the s were not hidden which made the  look more beautiful.Revision: More s could have been used for greater height.Education: How to make a particular thing attractive is what i have learned from this  .""POSITIVEWow Jingwei!  I am absolutely put to shame by the   you have created! This is AWESOME!! I'll tell you why:1.  You chose nice coolor combos of s that added to the entire beauty of it.2.  The way in which you built it looks so jazzy.  The only benhcmark I had was my own which was clumsy in itself although I had a T value of 6.3.   I loved your approach of how you have approached the assignment.UNIQUE:Loved the color scheming that added to the aesthetics.REVISIONIf there's anything I can recommend at all, it was ""NOTHING!""EDUCATIONI could have made mine better by taking better selection of s, a good color scheme. I also learned in terms of stopping for a moment to actually reflect on your  and what can be done more perfectly.  I actually didnt do that consciously in the first go!My rating is 9.5 for your exercise (0.5 for always something that can make it more perfect which I am not aware of).  Loved reading your blog as well!Nice to meet you, Jingwei and keep it up !"1) Process Description is missing, 2) Interestingly high T value, 3) Innovative  Building - with high T value in mindAesthetically quite colourful and the whole tree seems very compact and robust. What was unique was the use of kids s into the foundation, adds a layer of strength I believe.An area of improvement that I would highlight for myself would be that you shouldn't dare to dream big, take risks and try to experiment. Take the time and try to fail more often, don't shy away from the IFF process. This self-evaluation helped me clarify and crystallize my thoughts around how I could improve the creative thought process and how I should approach problems differently viz. as a spectator.Well done , an interesting idea to build a  with minimum amount of s.I like the colour combination (mostly black and brown). It made the   look more aesthetic. Also, the use of ski s lent stability as well as made the  high. I  the structure would have stood without the aid of a wall too. So, that was not required. Also, the use of newspapers tantamount to The unique thing about this submission is the way the photo has been clicked. When I just looked at the top half of the image, it appeared more like a person standing with a bowed head. Good Work!"tried honestly n finally succeeded.planned very well base is solidthere is improvement to make required ht of the i learn so much he is honest co-learneroverall 6"I like the way you approached the problem. You   is beautiful and as you said it does give the impression of warmness. I  if you could have managed the same height with lesser s, it might have been even better.Very methodical and elegant work. Demonstrates effort put in.You seem to be able to write well and explain. Looked at the picture after reading the prose, which was detailed. CongratulationsI really liked your attempt even though it's not the most gorgeous of s ! The shape of your  like a pyramid was different than mine, which was a straight vertical arrangement. This exercise, I feel, would be better if we don't feel silly about what we were doing. The idea is to be creative with whatever you have and create something that usually u wouldnt! Great work :)"Grade : 6Positive : s of aesthetic value have been chosen. This makes the  look beautiful. The prettiest s were kept at the top of the . Well chosen! Happy to evaluate this assignment. :-) Unique:I liked this part of the assignment "" five pairs of s stacked together, these s were  representing girls' different periods, from sports s, casual s, sandals to ballet s, princess s, like a girl constantly blooming process"" - So it was not just a  . It was a representation of phases in a girls life and the activities she performs. So the   gives insight into the kind of interests of the wearer. Good concept! Revision:The  could have been made taller in some way. For example, the last two black s could have been either placed one on top of the other, or one  could have been stuffed inside another to make the second one stand in a perpendicular way. I am an engineer and I have good understanding of structures.The height of the  has not been mentioned. The T value has not been calculated. Education :I learnt from this assignment, that you can submit more than was asked of you. I liked the concept that the  was not just a   - but it was also a representation of a persons interests. It was an expression of the persons inner self. I being an engineer focused all my energies on making it tall, structurally stable and attaining a good T value. This concept was a learning for me. :-) ""You have really done a fanastastic work. The methodology of adopting different models to get the tallest one is appreciable. The both pictures shows different attempts you done with different combinations which shows your systematic way of approching problem. The unique thing i noticed about the  is its height that you made from 3 s. It would be more beautiful if u made it out of s since its a  . I learned the importance of models and methdologies that you adopted to get the highest   out of 3 s.Grade:8 on 10""Great effort!! It has elegance, is very artistic and eye catching. Very well structured and is symmetric. Nice color scheme.Maybe, it is not the tallest  but is worth winning several viewers. I am almost certain, that the participant wasn't even trying to compete for the tallest , but was more after what he/she seems to have achieved reasonably well. Just a small point, I  that the  is not sturdy enough. s are very critically entangled and there is lack of strong support. However, for the beauty displayed by the participant, I would like to give the benefit of doubt to him/her, after all the  stood for the time, till the picture was clicked. Overall great show!!""Firstly , I like the Way how the s are balanced , despite of having set of all the heavy s Structure appears to be very balanced and its really good job to give such a good height with 16 s.The Unique thing i felt is the way reflection is taken which includes proof of height of  and background which is so clean .Well , only thing which could have been touched upon more was aesthetics (beauty). Finally i would like to mention it was great observing a creation made by some one else, it just make you learn how you dint even thought certain angles and of course what loop holes  you made in your creation.""Short, sweet and creative. I liked the colors of the TMF - nice name and a great symbolic correlation to the modern female - that was very interesting. Another example of out of the box ing along with a humble admission of ""I could have done better"". It may have been possible to explore an alternate arrangement with six s, placing one or two vertically and aiming for a different effect and meeting the criteria for the exercise in addition to doing the TMF. Maybe submit two pictures since the instructions do not prohibit that. After looking at this colorful , I wish I had asked some women to lend me their colorful s - it would have added a great touch to my own  which had only shades of darker colors.""Well I like my final   it does look a bit unique but in comparison to other s things could have been done a bit different. I  to even do a submission with this kind of quality is a huge step for me since this is my first mooc. So thumbs up to me. I  My  looks like a human face with a mustache  on forehead :) . I  more iterations and more attention to final question (to have more height of the  ) could have been done. My key takeaway from this :- Any idea you start to develop may not be perfect at the beginning and we should not look for perfection in the beginning we should look at solving the problem creatively and then applying refinements later.Not to be very critical at the beginning and giving a chance to the idea to flourish is important. ""Positive - gave it my bestUnique - used a lot of sRevision - find newer ways to place s instead of just stacking themEducation - save time by planning ahead"Hey this is really a good job! My T value was much lower than you. The   looks good and well-balanced. I liked the title you gave 'Leaning  of Puma' :) What I learned from your submission was the way you tilted one of s and rested them on other  to raise the height of your  . Really liked the idea. "Positive: The height achieved is very good.The selection of colors in arranging order give a beautiful look to the  .The explanation given for the project is good.Unique:The selection of colors in arranging order give a beautiful look to the  .Revision: The  could look more neatly arranged if it was given a little more effort.Education: I did not know the pattern I followed to make the   followed the jenga game pattern. My project could be more attractive if s of different colors were used. Self rating could be more precise on some better comparison analysis."I like the picture, the aesthetic value of the . The colourful   is quite unique. However, little thought has gone in increasing the T metric. My learning from reviewing other submissions has been to go for a high  with minimum number of s."Well done.A highly professional submission as well as the work you did with your  .Cheers.""This is really a beautiful  . I am also surprised that the student built the  to a height of 81 cms while I could just make it to 14 cms. Unlike the other s, the student used a boot for the base and a light ladies  at the top. This has helped in balancing the weight and maintaining the shape. As a point for improvement, I agree with the fact that the student could have spent more time imagining and building the  rather than spending time on building 6 different s.Now I  that I could have been more creative in building my . I just had 2 attempts and then when I was successful 2nd time, I stopped trying different shapes. If I am given a chance next time, I would like to keep trying until I achieve the greatest possible height.""Positive: I  my design is an engineering marvel :) Unique: The  at the top, my wife's sexy boots...that makes this unique Revision: I would consider narrowing the  to decrease the number of sEducation: I really just went with the first idea I had. Was there some diverging ing missing before I converged on an idea? Perhaps and therein lies the education for me. "very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) "I liked the tree root type foundation structure; on the whole looks very rugged & robust. You've done well to give it a color combination as well - aesthetically quite appealing actually. I found the quadra-pod base a pretty unique idea, good going! You've done a great job so I cannot really offer you any suggestion here but if I were given a shot to work with you on this I would probably add a layer just above the base - I would try to stack a layer of 2 pairs of s bottom facing i.e. an inverted stack - this could render strength and better stability for the higher reaches.My personal learning from this assignment was that there is a lot of creativity in everyone around us, but assessing others' creativity is not an easy task, however great (read: successful) the outcome may seem. The PURE approach really helped!"From your statement, it appears that over the course of this exercise you have learned a lot. You did mention the mechanistic thought-process behind your  and how over your several attempts, you perfected it. The  looks beautiful but I feel it could have been highlighted if you had used better lighting for the photo or a different lens-filter. I am only pointing this out since, as you mentioned, a lot of the appeal of your  is because of the symmetry and balance in color and that is good reason for highlighting that. Your understanding of your own limitations is commendable. Eg. you pointed out that you could not build a higher  because of a lack of light weight s and also in the last response, you have mentioned your scope for improvement. Cheers!"Well done.I see, you capped it off with slippers I found this position safer for the  too.Cheers.""Achieved good height with less no of s. That's nice. Would have liked to see what you could have done with both the slippers and sports s together. :)""Positive: Honest,Accurate,worked with less number of sUnique:L shaped  Revision;could be more descriptive,Height of the Education:I have learnt how to work under constraints.""Well done, the structure you build is quite stable and colorful. You nicely applied principle of IFF and using CIC action plan overcome your failures in previous attempts. I appreciate the way you assessed your  by asking friends and family. And yes, those colorful cartoon character s looks awesome. I , you could make your s  cleaner and tidy by making it in pyramid structure or better design, one method to do it is by keeping heavy s at bottom and continue upwards.The most important thing is you learnt from your failures and made improvement in next attempt.Good luck Keep learning the skills of innovation""1. Logical way to  - to focus on stability and  over all else. (Man's ing??). 2. Interesting that the  was built in only 3 attempts. 3. I  I could have tried to many more attempts with different objectives. I tried to go only after the height, even tho the assignment specifically listed 2 other goas (beauty and T). I suspect the  could have been higher AND better looking if I had tried harded.4. I should have tried much harder and looked at the problem from different sides. I should have included the other factors (beauty / T) more critically. I should have graded myself much lower, esp seeing some of the other submissions.""Cool.That is some impressive  there, straight up, it took me over 23 attempts to raise one, yours is one impressive attempt.Cheers.""Good. I liked the way you have built the . It has a good base and same structure throught.One suggetion is that you should had used s on the top two rows as its a  . According to me the slippers should not be considered.As a feedback provider, I learned to observe things carefully and also learmt the different way of constructing a ."I  my idea of using similar s was good as it help to build a good rigidy for the  and it didnt look clumsy. I Guesss I should have been more creative to increase the T ratioI really love and admire the base you have chosen for building the  , the reflection of the  on the glass and also the background where your pet dog stares at. Most interesting was how you managed to bled the colours for a visual treat. I  you should have used the heavy s on top at the bottom to achieve a little more height. Hey I must have thought about the visual identity of my work if I had seen your work before. Hats off!"Positive: looks very attractive, may be using lady's colorful s, Unique: She tried to build in triangle shape, which is very strong in any construction, but I  she may be go with four pillars, even though it is very delicate it should stand still in good and attractive way.Revision : If she can used in criss cross way, zig zag manner, she can able to construct more height. Education : she  it very properly and construct in triangle way, which were very strong in constructions., finally she succeeded, I will give the rating will be 8 for this . "Positive;It was done very well,but i am afraid why he is so diffident in his creation."1. A salute to your honesty. Trust me your  is outstanding.2. I was impressed with your  design; I say this because it is really difficult to balance 24 s. You did it.  3. Comparison & looking at others creativity, from my point of view both can be avoided because when you look at others work and start your creative ing; your brain will stick to the design what you observed. Next comparison, creativity is unique. So please try to avoid comparing 4. I hope you got ""angry when you failed"". To avoid this, a small suggestion, please write down your innovative ideas or register/record your failures. So that once you got angry, you can better stop working on it. After few min return back and have a look at your writings so that you will know where to start and what to avoid.5. From your submission, I learnt honest answer will leave a good impression. Im impressed with your comment Actually I'm not too sure how many exact attempts. This is really true. Thank you so much for that.All the best.""Amazing. Excellent work. Your  looks very tall with just 5 s in one  and 12 s in the second. It is also colourful and neat. I just love it. I am not able to find any fault. Your 5   looks more elegant. I will rate your  as 10.Your idea of supporting each  is very creative.""Very interesting looking . An interesting representation of the Leaning  of Pisa. The way you thought about the construction of this is interesting - and how much planning has gone into this is evident. And the fact that you did not give up even after 4 attempts is commendable - shows a willingness to try. Which I believe is very important in the creative field. The fact that you thought about building your  like that showed different technique. Something not too many people may consider. Again, shows that you're willing to take a risk - also something which is important from a creativity perspective.The only thing I'm not sure about however is that you may have used the door to prop the final piece of your  . I'm not sure that is allowed. The idea is to perhaps build a   without support. If you were to build a similar one without support, how would you do it?A big learning for me is that when I heard about the  , I simply went traditional. Did not worry about doing something differently. It was like on auto pilot mode. When I see your  , i realized that the horizon could have been broadened. Nice job. :)""Positive: He tried to attempt to build long , he try to use strong base, and having some idea / plan like Eiffel , based on that, he tried to build it, he tried several times to achieve this.Unique: He tried to build tallest one, by mistakenly he used slippers also, He tried to create strong base and light on top.Revision: Don't concentrate on too much on basement and center and try to fix it smoothly and stand still, use proper s for stable purpose.Education : I  balancing is difficult, the  is not straight, may be fall down very easily, he used slippers instead of s. Grade is 2.75""Hi ,You made an honest attempt and I like your  , what I like most is that you made 3 attempts to make your  which is actually good. I like the way your sandals are arranged in the last submission. I  that is the most intresting aspect of it. I like the fact that you did not see some of the other s before making yours since the whole purpose of this exercise was to expand one's inner creativity. Well I don't have any 'critical' suggestions at this point. All I can say is job well done. I have learnt that all creativity springs from heart and sometimes from our own intrinsic nature. I also learnt sometimes creativity is evolutionary as is reflected by improvements in design in all 3 attempts.Over All Good Job ! ""The opposite positioning of s is a good idea so that there will be enough space to balance.Top  weight will be a negative factor as the  may tend to fall.You should have tried more attempts as you are not fully satisfied. It is reflecting in your Self  evaluation & creativity grading as it is very low."Strength of my reflection is its brightness , and usage of concept keeping heavy at bottom for base.Uniqueness in my structure is symmetry it is a twin  and made kept in mind beauty and height both and therefore have kept vertical  top.Well the background should have chosen a bit more presentable which would have enhanced the beauty of . I learnt that i have underestimated my own rating plus its important to evaluate so that you know your plus points and loopholes both and you get to ponder over the angles which could have been kept in mind or been better.I would give UNIQUE to mine as I used differernt variety of footwears and try to balance them."I completely agree with the candidate that the  is aesthetically appealing. There is a wide range of colors on display and even though there is no set pattern of how the s are arranged, the result nonetheless is very beautiful. I find the number of s that were used in this  to be substantially larger than any of our peers or mine for that matter. I was further intrigued that all these s belonged to the candidate. She must be having a glorious life!The candidate seems to have a good understanding of the concepts of building like weight distribution and balance. It should be noted though that the T value is low since the s were stacked on each other, as opposed to building a foundation and structuring the top to maximize height. However, the candidate does point out that she was trying to make an eye candy and hence has successfully pulled of the task. This is the beauty of such assignments as the candidates are given the opportunity to conceive and execute their ideas in whatever way they find pleasing. I was also quite impressed that the candidate spent a substantial amount of her time planning. However, the  was created in two attempts and I  it would have been worth the candidate's time if she had applied the Intelligent Fast Failure (IFF) that Prof. Matson was talking about and just for the sake of innovation could have tried out a few alternatives.To conclude, to my mind it appears that the candidate has great aesthetic sensibilities and is adept at executing her creativity. From her notes that accompanied the photo, it appears that she has a high self awareness and displays signs of a superior intellect. However, I feel strongly that she should have made more than two attempts. I would urge her to try out more alternatives, not in this assignment, but generally in life, since I feel that she can maximize her productivity if she amalgamates her planning skills and good ideas with rigorous trail and error based testing of her ideas."I like that my structure is cleaner. I wish I would have used more colorful s and also s of various height and style.  "In my opinion, the best part of this submission is that the participant has been able to correctly evaluate himself/herself. If one knows where does he/she stands, then it becomes much easier to achieve one's goals. I also liked the idea of first drawing the   on page before trying to build it up (something I did not do).I certainly like the color scheme of the , with most of the  in dark color and then lighter shade s used over the top with a green color  clearly standing out as the peak of the . Also, as I see, the two s which are used at the bottom of the  are kept at a distance slightly greater than the rest. I am not very sure, but I  it could provide some elasticity in the , to the participant's advantage.Just a couple of small things which I  could have helped the participant achieve greater height:1. this  is built on a carpet. In my view a harder surface would have provided much needed stronger base to the .2. almost at all levels the two identical s are placed in identical manner. This most probably means, as can also be seen, constant greater height on one end and constantly lower on the other side. I am almost hopeful, if the two identical s were placed at the same level in the opposing directions, it might have given a more sturdy structure to the .Overall a great show. The color contrast, decent height, legitimate try are all in the favor of the participant.""Hi ,Nice looking  , though bit squashed at the  foundations ( as s should be! ). The symmetry of using similar slippers s at the same level is also appealing  visually . Definitely  a candidate for an  Modern abstract art museum  :-) . Sharing on Instagram to get opinions also is quite innovative . I am unable  to make  out  whether it is a free standing   from the photograph , perhaps stability would be improved with lesser height ?I would go with  your  rating of  9 . Warm regards ""Beautifully designed and constructed .I like the flag part that is at top and the way so many s are piled but they mutually support each other.I learned about this stone walling technique from your approach COngratulations, Cheers "Beautiful s! Your  does not seem tall but yes it is beautiful and the colour combination is awesome. I  you could have used the s of other family members (I can see one gents pair in the photo) to give your  a unique different style."Well done, the structure you build is quite stable. You nicely applied principle of IFF and using CIC action plan overcome your failures in previous attempts. I , you could make your s  more clean and tidy by making it in pyramid structure or better way, one method to do it is by keeping heavy s at bottom and light weight on top.The most important thing is you learnt from your failures and made improvement in next attempt.Good luck Keep learning the skills of innovation"Take a bow! Your  s is well-designed. I am impressed by the amount of ing that went into designing the s (evident from the description) Since you have used just men s, it has kind of lent a homogeneous look to the entire picture. Just a small request: Prior to uploading a picture, ensure that you change its orientation. Had to twist my neck to view the current image :) Also, you did not cheat, that is used walls or stuff to balance the . "With limited number of s, the  achieved considerably good height with decent stability.The stability would be an issue for the model if more s are placed on top to increase the height."i could have built a bigger structure... i liked the two s at the top.. it was a little creative.. "Positive: Your  is very much height.You did good job great.Unique:Your  is looking good.REvision:I am sure that your  will be atleast 50cm or more than that.I  you calculated it wrong.Your  is looking so much high in the photo.You are just saying  32cm.Just , take an example, a normal long scale would be 30cm long.Is the above  looking to you like it's just almost equivalent to a 30cm long scale.The answer is No.According to my expectation,your  will be atleast 1.75 times higher or may be more than that.Just recheck.Also, how built higher  using less no. of s like you can use s with long neck.Education: I learnt that i should  much higher because i built my  with 40cm and i thought that it is great height."50 s used for this pyramid type  seems colorful with variety. One unique thing about this is that all 50 s are able to sit together nicely albeit the fact that no real pattern or base support provided. It would have been better if a pattern or a style for the  is envisaged instead of a plain structure which would have made this look more beautiful. Learning is that 50 s not too big for such a round pyramid structure "Cool job.Well, the  does look impressive. And I hope you did enjoy the experience.Cheers.""Good thing about my  is that i followed the brief and successfully created a . There was a a lot of learning from this simple assignment. The process itself was thought provoking in terms of learning to balance the weight.Even though I experimented, I feel that there was certain linearity in my approach which could have been more lateral if I had used some imagination and allowed the creative juices to flow. My prime focus remained on the functionality of the  i.e. to make it free standing and as high as possible. Aesthetics was achieved by following the safe route and a very basic principle of design of almost symmetrical balance. By giving feedback to others, I was introduced to new perspectives of looking at the same assignment.  ""You did a great job I would say. Going through your reflection, I could really understand the effort and the time that you invested in completing this project. Furthermore, you have provided multiple T-values for each of your  revisions, which is also very highlighting and appreciable. However, the fact that you happened to use sandals and flip-flops in completing your  could have been avoided as the idea was to build a  .Having said that, I could really learn a lot from your submission. I am really impressed by the total number of revisions that you made and also your ideas with the boots.""Good work!The  looks impressive, and you did enjoy the exercise.Cheers."The experiences was well explained and the iterative process was well described,  I  it was a good idea to have an pyramid form. I  it would have been better if you could have reduced the number of s and tried to postion the s better."Looking at two s my course mates created, I certainly feel there are things I could have done better. For one, the structure of the  itself - it need not have been the classical, traditional style. There are different ways of attempting the same thing - I should try at least two approaches. The second big learning is to dress up the . While on its own the  may look nice, it would have been nicer to use a little something around the , on the  to make it prettier. The brief was to build the  using only s. It did not say anywhere that we should not use other things that complement the . Stretching the brief (without breaking rules) is something I should carefully attempt.""Hello! :) You have made a really nice  . I enjoyed your enthusiastic description of the process you used to build it.Your blog is quite unique. (Thanks for teaching me a new word - egregious!)Just a minor detail - I  there are some unused s lying near your  in the photograph. You could either incorporate them in the  or remove them so that it doesn't distract from the main aesthetic structure. I admire your creative use of large and small sized s and I absolutely love your statement in the last answer - ""I believe more creativity is yet to be unveiled."" I agree! I hope this course makes us all discover and optimize our creativity! All the best!""This seems to be quite a robust structure of its kind, especially with the first tier of high boots. Nicely interspersed by different colours.I found baby s on top quite interesting. Really 'icing on the cake'.I feel a picture from another angle shall further add to lustre of this project. To me the black closed ended boots would give a different touch instead of the black open ones (lowest tier).I appreciate the lessons the student has learnt here. Eight tries and still no giving up. Big lesson of life from a small thing. Quite a positive outlook and attitude in life.""I  my   was of quite good height as per the T value. I tried the s in little hurry and hence took less time in execution of tasks.The task was quite simple and interesting and still needed creativity to complete. Each time I made an attempt, it was totally different from the previous one.I did not strategise the activity, though was consistently analyzing the pros and cons of the different arrangements.It was around 12 past midnight and few hours left for the submission. I had enrolled for the course just an hour before and by the time I finished the task, everybody was asleep. Also, I was down with fever, but this activity suddenly filled me with energy and I was feeling perfectly fine.I can definitely infer that creative ing involved with some physical activity has such a healthy effect on my body.""Hi,First of all congrtulations that you succeeded in completing the   exercise. Its a colorful  which makes it pleasing to eyes and yeah it does look like a christmas tree or may be a pyramid and I must say that you have great pair of footwear's . though you have more of beige and brown but the tinch of color here and there makes it look good. You have described your   exercise very well.Kudos for you have managed to put 52 belly's and make a tall . It definitely would have been a tough job. well done.I feel that you could have done way way better than this. Your   looks more like a pile of belly's.You could have made a taller   using lesser number of s. A bit more use of mind and patience and there could have been standing a beautiful . Try and challenge yourself more. Its not just about using more number of s, the T value also matters.On a scale of 1-10, I give you a 4 for creativity, and 5 for beauty. You have the means and the imagination too.... just try a little harder next time. :) :)I learned from you is that there's always scope for improvement and one should try harder in each try.. I believe you will take the exercise more enthusiasticly and work with more creativity. Good luck for the rest of course and life. Let the creativity flow. ""I  this is a great  . I like the way its stacked up for stability (like mentioned in the self-review). He has taken a very similar approach as mine in how the s were stacked. I see a lot of logical ing - inverted alternate layers providing a flat-ish base for the layer above. He does have a lot of s :-).I see almost all types of s here - boots, sneakers, formals etc. sort of talks about the person himself.I see some of the heavier s being used at the top. In my suggestion this could have been used to reinforce the base, thereby providing lot more stability. The reason i say is, when the alternate layers were inverted, it sort of compromised on the overall height. Using the heavy s at the bottom, could have given him the opportunity to stack them all up, there by gaining more height and improving the T value.I see that people around the world have similar ideas. That we are all equally creative. I'm from India, not sure where this friend of mine is from, but i see that we had similar logic in terms of setting up the .""Positive: A deep description of the Unique: The kind and color of s  mentioned are unique.Revision: No picture or photo attached Adding picture gives clarity to the project. The  height seems very minimal.Education: The better explanation of the project could be done. Without a picture the evaluation is fruitless. ""I  the  made of football cards was really well done and the maker was innovative and creative in using the resources he had,i.e, the stack of cards instead of s.The  is unique because its unlike an other card  I have seen. Generally people make a triangle with a stack of cards.The maker could have borrowed s from friends and done what was asked of them.I learnt that just because a person doesn't have enough s, the assignment should be left incomplete. This person used the resources at hand and made a really nice  of cards. "That was a very unusual way of expressing this exercise.I actually liked the way you have built the  because to me a  would mean something that is blocks kept on top of another vertically.I never thought what you have built could also be called a .What I meant is that your exercise made me  differently..I appreciate your work.Also I also admire your perception of less attempts and more efficiency..Good work.Only one comment is that you could have been a little more elaborate in your explanation. EDUCATION: I could not find the photograph that you attached, but after after your content all I want to say is Good start, keep it up.Purely Object Oriented. It was good to see that the student has rated himself honestly on the creativity scale and knows the areas where improvements could have been made. Over all a very nice submission."P - It comes across as a nice happy inspiring piece of construction with good attention to detail U - The idea of every  standing for something and this one being like a cake makes it stand apartR - Could have used some s vertically to make it look sleeker and to achieve a higher TE - Looking at more creative ideas helps bust boundaries and  more openly ""Well done.The structure is simple, and yet I reminds me of some older stone work from architecture point of while.Thanks a lot for this work.Regards."very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) "To begin with, I had variety in terms of colours, textures, materials, types of heels etc. and this is quite visible the way I had placed each to get the balance and  . I agree, that I did not confirm to the requirement of T-shape , but with this number of s, the height would have reduced a lot had I used some for widening the base. My aim was to create an aesthetically appealing, balanced   with available resources. The uniqueness lies in the application of various principles of design like emphasis (in white cut- work wedges), rhythm (movement of eye), repetition (lines on blue heels, pink criss- cross net, neutral colour s with bright coloured ), balance, and of course, symmetry. Yes, definitely there is always a chance for improvement. and I believe, if I rework on placement, I can make much better  , which is T- shape and also taller than the current one. I can always place s at angle to add to the height or calf length boots to add the height.As a feedback provider I got the opportunity to know how others have used s to create their  tree, their thought process, what went wrong and where, and how I can enhance my value creation skills. This assignment has helped me in reinventing my creative side- by trying to do the same exercise in a number of ways till I am satisfied. I would give myself 8, after comparing it with the 2 works I evaluated.""P - The  seems to be built to a plan and a strategyU - s generally are seen as pairs - in this case, single s have been used innovatively to achieve a high T factor R - While innovative in idea and execution, would  a certain hygiene level of aesthetics needs to be maintainedE - I realised that while all of us try and be creative, we also need to keep in mind that the creativity needs to have a corresponding value. It can't be just for the sake of creativity. ""Positive: I like that you built three s. How very divergent of you. I like that you took the time to create a background for the image, and that was aesthetically pleasing. Unique; The three s is unique, each one with a different peak :)Revision: I would suggest that as the exercise was about building the tallest  more could have been done to focus on one really getting some height. You gave yourself options, but you could have played around with different styles to allow for more height.Education: You gave yourself options and that is not something I had thought of when I did the exercise. Well done."  seems to be a robust & stable structure. Parallel s forming good design. 2 s are inserted into the boots for making the base stronger is a good approach. Some areas of improvement which i feel could have been incorporated are that all the s front side should be in one direction which would make the  more consistent and more appealing. I appreciate the fact that 2 additional s are used for a stronger basement which enables more s on the top is a good learning associated with this  I grade this 5/10I like the idea of  developing a good base for the  with stilettos arranged in a circle with the taller, heel end facing out. When a proper foundation is laid the  becomes more strong and then you end up building proper balance at all sides. The most interesting and unique aspect of submission is using so many s to build the stunning  and the idea as told before of developing a strong  base. The only area of improvement I would suggest is using Flip Flops which was not to be used. Else it looks awesome and shows how much hard work and effort was demonstrated while doing this activity. My learning during this process is creativity can have no limits and you should never set limits for you as everytime you work and  you can come up with a better idea."This seems to be result of a thought out plan, the way platforms and flats are at the bottom and other s with little balance higher up.The black decorated  on top of the magenta one lokks pretty.I guess the student has been more focused on height. Subject to availability of more s structure can be made taller with a few modifications in different tiers. For example, by putting those red platforms in 69 position. I was impressed by the lesson the student has taken out of this exercise. She (I guess a she by the s used) she tried multiple times and instead of getting deject took it in the right spirits.""Is this for real? How could one possible achieve this balancing act? The more I look at it, the more I wonder how it was possible to create it. It would have been good to read in detail about the challenges to create this interlocking. The uniqueness in this design is there's lot of space between the footwear which highlights the 'wireframe' aspect of the design. The use of black is appealing. If possible the design could have been modified to have the white s at the pinnacle to highlight the .I learned to  out of the box. Go beyond conventional approaches (like I did with my Jenga ). Don't presume that a particular design wont succeed like in this case, the first thought is that this approach would surely fail.""Really nice combination of s, in fact you might have used highest number of s as compared to other students.  looks stable because of strong base.Even though ballerinas are flexible and not as strong as s, you have achieved considerable height.Only thing is about 'T' calculation, you should be careful to avoid such a small mistakes (height 612.14 cm is almost 6.1 m).""It very nice to see such a  , at first sight its strong enough and used 42 s that is more than expecation, best of all interest to create a such a , shows your creative mind.The thing I noticed that stability in the construction and well planned. That may be there was no retries.My suggestion is you have used 42 s and compaired hight is not positive.  Our intruction is to create tallest free standing . So should retry to increase the hight in different possisions. I learnt should use our more effort to improve the target- taget here is tallest . We can create  but get the betst result should more creative."I like your ing out of the box concept of  . Though it is very neatly done but I would suggest you to challenge yourself because more complex things we do creates more excitement. very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) Happiest moment was my daughters reaction. When she can connect the 4 lion statue - Singapore lion statue. I believe the success will come if someone can correlate our creativity with real things or situations. I was having a fear that the  may fall if I use more s. I should have tried with more options with more s rather than blocking myself with my own assumptions.  "REVISION: you worked well with the s, but I will suggest you to try it using different variety of foot wears which will add difficulty level as s can be easily balance but others cannot.grade: 7Good luck!""Wow!!!!....... Your   looks great. Its pretty tall and made with only 10 s and that's awesome. The challenge was to make the  tall using less number of s in order to get greater value of T. So, congratulations!!! You managed to do that. kudos for the design, for the idea. The fact that your whole  is standing on just two s gets me the most. Its amazing...!! Well, I honestly don't know what suggestion to give. Well, it could have been more colorful . I feel there's always scope for improvement so let the creativity flow. Your   inspires me , it shows me that one can do anything even using limited resources. All you need is  imagination and creativity  to use the resources as best as you can""Hi there,I loved how methodically you went about constructing your   keeping in mind that you were aiming for a balanced and beautiful structure. I  you have achieved that goal. The unique aspect of your submission I would have to say is the attention to detail while going through every element, be it color or structure or understanding the strengths and weaknesses of each type of . I don't  there could possibly be any revisions to this   as it is quite wonderful just the way it is. If I had to suggest something I would say maybe you shouldn't be so hard on yourself while rating :) Your mammoth effort deserves a higher score. What I learnt from your exercise was how to build a sound structure without compromising on aesthetics. The big boots on the top were a very smart way to increase the height of the "I like the way you link the activity to describing your life.I enjoyed understanding you without knowing you.I can tell you enjoy beautiful s vs, just functionality. I wondered whether you had identified the key instructions of the exercise- your structure seems a little too flat - not quite a . were you just being safe by awarding the 5-since you did not explain why. I have learnt how important it is to step back and prioritise vs getting caught in the flow of many "things"."You have really done a fanastastic work. Your way of approach was appreciable. The above pictures shows that your planning and effort that you took to make it more taller and beautiful. the interesting and unique aspect that i found was your draft (Second Picture). The   you made was awsome how ever it could be more good to make it with s only. I learned the importance of planning and the way of approach that you have done to make the  . The grade i had given is 8 on 10"your  was pretty good to see and i loved your  .it doesn't have any kind of tilting, and that is great .it is very vertical i liked it .As when we come to creativity aspect , i  it even looked better if you would have added something which looked interesting ,no worries it damn good now. thank u  all the best  .i give a grade of 4 out 5 "A good start towards creative ing.I like the thought process of how you were planning to build your  with a strong base and thus used the heavier boots there. And the height of the  is impressive with just the usage of 13 s. Multiple trials you have given to build a satisfactory prototype is worth an appreciation. You definitely have a lot af patience and the urge to pursue dispite failures and that i  is a good attitude for a person to succeed.Just a suggestion, if you were to  of a different style for your , what would that have been. You would then have had a satisfaction to  that your structure looked unique and just an out-of the box idea from your colleagues here. Overall, a good try. Master pieces are not just built in a day or in a single thought. So keep ing and being creative in everthing you do."I am really impressed by the Height to Number of  ratios that you have achieved and guess it a really good structure to achieve such a high ratio. my  has a kind of rod imp-inching  structure which added a great look to the  at the top. after evaluating my peer assignments i     i could have done some thing which would increase the (height / s ) ratio , anyway  i am satisfied the  with my  . for any kind of start the basement or the first step to be strong in order to get a  good outcome."Very beautiful described insights into what was going in your mind and loved going through the details. Liked how you have gone on upgrading the base shape. would have liked you to take a different approach to foundation.What I appreciate is that you have also thought about aesthetic point of view while doing this exercise.""Positive : Constructed good, beautiful  in well structured manner.Unique : Strong base and strong  for long lasting, it won't fall down even in heavy wind too.Revision : on top layers may be using different construction models and increase the height.Education : Good construction and simple design and looks pretty good. learn it the zig zag nature can stand in better way. thanks.""P :'s foundation is strong and colorful.U: Ballerina is on the top ,a respect for woman.R:no need of gum boots and  is stuffed too much at base, it could have more defining and well-structured .E: use long s""Great height. Nice stability. Looks sturdy. Could have grown even taller on the similar pattern provided more s were used.It could have been more stylish. Could have been more beautiful than merely simple. It is nice but does not stand out as something different.Improvements are a part of learning and so are for this participant. Overall a decent try.""Appreciate your innovative ing in attaining good height by vertical placing of the  and good T number.presence of mind in not selecting football or bathing s shows you are not only targeting  tallest  also the aesthetic look.Suggestion - you would have used the randomly kept  laces to decorate your Nice Job!!!""Your   looks really great.Your  looks very colorful and attractive.There is a conflict in your statement in answers 1 and 2, you have mentioned 20 pairs in answer 1 and 16 s in answer 2. From the photo I can see that you have used 32 or 16 pair s. that means your T value is 70/32 =2.187 ."Nice concept with the initials. But the  looks clumsy. But for a couple of attempts and in ten mins- that is a decent . Should have spent more time playing with the s. "What attracted me immediately was the form of the structure which looks like an invisible person standing. Whether it was by accident or purpose is not clear, but what is definitely clear is that it makes the design attractive. The number of pairs used and the combination of footwear is also good with the colour at the top. There is not much to suggest for revision as this structure has both aesthetics and a good T ratio. Perhaps the photograph could have been taken more consciously to highlight the aesthetic appeal. For example the background makes it difficult to appreciate the structure.I learned that my gut instinct or impressions I formed in the first few seconds were correct. The structure is quite ahead of the Jenga block  that I created in every aspect, and I appreciate the submitters modesty in self rating. I  this is a 7.""You did a good job in trying out with s to make your  .However, you haven't given a correct value for your T-value, which you could have provided. You just needed to measure it using a scale. However great that you managed to get a T-value of around 3.5 to 4.I  that you also forgot to answer what creativity rating would you like yourself to reach.Apart from all that, you did a great job.I could learn a lot from going through your reflection.""wonderful structure n totally differentinteresting is, made two s and joined topheight not achievedoverall good n different one"I am suprised by the 60 cm tall   with just 10 s.Great going.Its simple, yet has a good value(T).A similar colour tone would have given an extra boost.I have learned that fewer the no of s,more the no of trails,the results would be better.Thanks for the inspiration."Positive : Blown away! I have evaluated 4 assignments, and this is my favorite. :-) The structure is amazing. It is tall. High T value. And it is beautiful, with the little s and all. The structure has been intelligently made.Unique : Design.Revision : Please rotate the photo before uploading. Education : I learnt a lot from the design. I will try a similar  with my s again when I get home tonight. :-) ""I  the   was well done.The fact that I used converse, heels and flats of different colours made it unique.I could have added a few more s to the .The   exercise was a fun way to realise the different ideas we have for the same activity and how each idea is creatively different from one and other in terms of execution and final presentation of the output."very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) My submission My rules. Simple. aesthetic. Elegant. (Now, I am short of words :P)Firstly , I appreciate the approach of creating base its really very innovative and looking very beautiful , Balancing is done very well .Concept of balancing and the way its done on four s is unique , Beauty Angle could be touched more.I just learn definition of  could be very different for every Individual . :)Pattern and design looks more appealing. The angles are more consistent. Uniqueness of design is interesting. If symmetric pattern can be placed on top of the other, it would have been the best. Learning is that Analyze. Plan and then execution will provide a better result"Hi , I like your Idea of using boots / tall s . Your six attempts are also laudable , as its shows the seriousness with which you  are attempting this learning effort . The slipper  stuck on top gives it quite a swashbuckling  look  . Perhaps a 4 legged   wold be more stable ?I do agree with your rating of 8  ... Warm regards ""You're right. The   does look pretty and sturdy. The fact that you've used different colors, patterns shows how much thought has gone into the build. Trying several times and not giving up is a huge strength. Something that a lot of people lack. I like the way you've used some of the s to provide an 'outer' layer to the . Very nice way of using pretty heels.. The ribbon on top (though a depart from the brief) gives it the feeling of a christmas tree. It could well also become an idea for a layered cake for a little girl's birthday. :)In the first picture you've provided here, you've used a teddy bear to perhaps illustrate the height of the . While its a nice idea, it is unfortunately a distraction as well. It takes focus away from the 'hero' of the story - the  . Props to make the  look nicer is a good idea, but maybe you want to go subtle so the focus is not taken away from the main artifact. Make sure no two things are competing for attention.Learning for me is clearly the way you dressed up the  and then took pictures. Putting things in and around the  is a good idea - its like dressing up a plate of yummy food! Not only should it taste wow, it should also look wow. This is something I did not do - use dressing for the . Will keep that in mind going forward. ""Friend,Positive Aspects : You were involved in the project You were highly motivated. And you worked hard for itUnique Aspects & Revision :  I  I will get critical at this step. You have got your calculations in your presentation completely wrong. 2.5 feet is only 76.2 CM and is far away from 120 CM. Further, the your 'T' value is 2.005. Now, consider this. 38 s, shape of pyramid and ""T"" value of 2.005...... do you find it very creative. Further, you did not upload the image and neither did your description help in visualizing the same. It was a pyramid with a heavy foundation. I could not visualize anything else. In future, try to detail about the specifics. Education : Evaluating your project was a learning experience. Our passion and effort alone will not lead to us to desired result. We need to estimate the expected and work for it."Outstanding. The best   i have come across. Puts my own submission to shame! All i had in mind was a 'pile up' of s but this looks amazingly good. I especially like the part where you used the boots to hold up a pair or s vertically. Very creative indeed!"Good approach, bright and lively, neat and aesthetically appealing.The uniqueness lies in the way different textures have been used- fur, suede, net, denim, rubber, embroidery etc. I feel although the height is low but one feels good to see the arrangement. It appears as if the student has used the principles  of design while trying to arrange the s. Since base was already made to provide stability, either few more s or these s could have been rearranged to increase the height. Instead of using 4 s at base, 3 was sufficient for this height and fourth could be used at top to add to the height. I learnt how neat an arrangement using s can be. Overall, good.""The fact that you tried 6-7 attempts is really nice and the learning's you took from your failures (building a strong base) is the best takeaway from this exercise.You touched on all the parameters (beauty, T-metric, height etc) in your writeup and you chose a particular color combination to give an art element to your work which I don't  many would have done.But, it is very difficult to review your work without the picture/ diagram and you could have elaborated a bit on the structure of your pyramid (which I feel is important from an engineering perspective).Th learning I'll take from this work is that even I need to concentrate on submitting answers to all the questions asked. As a feedback provider it helped me to understand the assignment from the submitters perspective as well, which will definitely broaden my point of view. ""1.  design is awesome and impressive. I say this because; extra challenge to achieve this is, balancing those s on a stool.   2. Shape of the  is really different and colour combination used is very attractive. Cool stuff3. Focus is required on adding some more points to project the creativity more interesting. Though the pictorial representation is good, description is comparatively low. 4. From this submission, I learnt to record the failures and innovative ideas which will be more beneficial. "I realize a couple of shortcomings of my work after I have gone through other brilliant works that really presented superb visual treat. My take would be, first, I should have well planned my work so that I could collect as many as lady s as well which should have given me a chance to build it with a blend of men s, mostly black and lady s with various colours. So that would have placed my work on top of all. Secondly, yes, must have had beautiful base to build the  to add on to visual treat after all it's a creative work put to test. I really enjoy this kind of learning where I could test my calibre from two perspectives at a time."Positive: Making a   72 cm tall is no mean feet .Unique: The base of the structure and the pyramid structure in between were making the  look attractive.Revision: Could have used a proper background in the house and a more bright snap could have made the  look more clear and beautiful. Education: The experiment proved very beneficial as I developed an attitude of not giving up.The falling of the structure made to try again and again till i achieve what i had thought of."The strength of my submission was developing a strong base. what I  was well done is with a good base I was able to pile up s on top of each other. The interesting aspect of my submission was developing a strong base only with two s and then pilling up 4 s on top. The area where I could have improved is using more s to build the . My learning during this whole process is, we should give time to analyse and  and this would have helped me in building a better ."I appreciate the fact that I could be successful just in the second attempt. The unique feature about my  is that it looks neat and clear. In addition, I tried using only similar pairs by using green s as the base followed by white and then black.If I am given another chance, I would like to use more s and increase the height of my .I also  that I could have been more creative in building my . I just had 2 attempts and then when I was successful 2nd time, I stopped trying different shapes. If I am given a chance next time, I would like to keep trying until I achieve the greatest possible height""The structure looks strong and is neatly done.The idea of creating alternate rows wherein one of the rows provide platform / a flat surface for the next row is very unique and great idea.Found a few colored s and there could be some way of using them to enhance aesthetics.The learning from this exercise is a new design idea of creating 2 alternate rows - 1. the normal way with  soles on the floor 2.  soles facing upwards. This design could be used to build taller s assuming availability of more  pairs.""It is done well because of the fact that unlike other reflections where I even saw sandals and flip-flops, this  is entirely built with s. And also, here no strings are used.However, comparing to the effort and logging of detailed description, I  I could have spent some more time. I could learn a lot by going through other's reflections and then comparing my ideas and creativity with their's. it gives me room to evaluate myself on a wider and open scale."I really found your   to be fantastic. I was most impressed with the idea of keeping the boots on top in a standing manner. That would utilize the extra height of the boots and make them useful as well. Brilliant!how well you thought out each step, bravo. you were willing to experiment and  recognise"outside variables".To me your ability to take your coworkers comment with humour and turn it into a story-rather than trying to justify your attempt is something Iwould like to do. thanks.I do feel you are being hard on yourself- the ability to  through a problem, with fixed resources, and come up with an optimum solution , is itself reflective of a high degree of creativity- above the 6 you awarded.  why would you redo the task, just note what you would do IF you had to do it again(eg eclectic s.)thats the learning ; it links to the purpose for which the  was built.My own education has to do with accepting optimum vs maximising scenarios- there is always a way to do it better- is it value added?And above all- be open to listening, but take it with a dash of humour.! "I have a build the show  as tallest I can with the material and I have followed a prototype.As I mentioned my  followed the structure of a building construction and look the same.I need more creative to collect more material and construct tallest . Should spend more time to complete the structure in more effective manner. Educated thing form this excises is should improve following objects - Thinking, Planning and interest.""I'm pretty happy with the way my  turned out eventually. Looking at other submissions, I  , like many others, mine too has a good logic behind the structure - strong foundation = tall free standing structure. Once i got the idea right, i played around with the ascetics a little bit trying to make it look beautiful as well. I have used a mix of shades at various places to give that vibrancy to the structure. It has a mix of sneakers, formals and outdoor s. As a step for improvement , I could have gone higher, using my wifes s/flats as well. I restricted myself in using just mine and my boys s. Hers are all flats, and light weight, If given proper thought, could have put them at the right places to make it taller and beautiful at the same time.Looking at the other submissions, its very clear we are all mostly creative. We have all understood that for any structure a strong base is really needed. This exercise  did help up using that in a more practical and fun way."Well done! The  really looks good with so many varieties and good to read tat you planned the . I liked the wide range of footwear and colors being used. I feel the top of the  could've been much better and the slippers should be avoided on the top. I enjoyed doing this assignment and each time I built, I got a  better idea and built the  better.That is a fairly good  with a good number of s.The colour contrast in the s are ok.You could have been a little more innovative in the constructing of the .Overall a good .I would have appreciated more had you provided a little more details in your answers. A show  30 cm high in 3 attempts seem quite commendable."Positive: Hey, firstly I highly appreciate the fact that you haven't given up even though the  wasn't sturdy in the initial attempts. Also the final  structure you arrived at is pretty good. I  you have got the concepts right, using the heavy one's for the base and reducing the weight as you moved towards building the floors on top. Unique: Well using some ladies sandals looked different. Revision: Although the final structure is pretty decent, I would suggest you to try out using broader and heavier base and then try erecting the s vertically followed by creating another floor like structure. That could possibly help in gaining better height for the same no.of s used. Also the aesthetics need to be improved. Possibly by aligning the s in a better way on the topEducation: through the feedback process, I have learned once again that trying out even under consistent failure and applying the learning from the failure to create something better will always help. ""I liked my  unless i submitted mine and looked at the others. I was very impressed with what i found, there were quite some creative ing people that had posted their work for peer group feedback. 1 or 2 of them kept me ing wow, what a thought process, i couldn't have thought to anywhere close.Overall, a good exercise to keep the brain working for creative solutions. I  it is the keep trying attitude until you are satisfies takes to the stage where you are happy to see what you have achieved. I will keep my creative juices flowing...""Overall the  looks good. I also appreciate that the student built the  to a height of 46.26 cms.The unique thing is that the student tried using heeled s. In fact the  was a combination of both heels and flats.I would suggest that the  could have given a bit tidier look especially at the base.Now I  that I could have been more creative in building my . I just had 2 attempts and then when I was successful 2nd time, I stopped trying different shapes. If I am given a chance next time, I would like to keep trying until I achieve the greatest possible height.""P - A strong idea and clean execution U - A creative idea of the overall  resembling a boot, using the s verticallyR - Any construction needs to be visually appealing in colour and presentation which should be added here too E - It urged me to be willing to experiment and question the basic assumptions to achieve creativity""I like both the ideas very much. The ideas clearly reflect out of the box and creative ing.The ideas are very unique and and interesting. My concern is that the brief of the assignment was not followed because as per the brief, the participants were asked to build a  and not imagine a . It would have been nicer if the participant would have implemented the ideas even if it were at a small scale. The physical building of the  is an experience that teaches one to be patient and learning while doing. What I learnt is that my approach was a little limiting and less creative and I should try to  out of the box for my next assignment.""I find the  quite high & i guess it should be higher than the average achieved by the group. Suggestion :  I would have liked if a bigger picture was shared as the current one is too tiny. When i started building my , i never believed it could go that high with 2 s at the bottom."Appreciate the work you have put in. I see lots or permutations & combinations that you have come up with. I learnt from my excercise that the wider the base, the taller the , but also the lesser the T!The way you have designed and explained is very well done.The pictorial representation and in depth study about the weight and length of the s used reflects your engineering mind.It would have be great to see your actual  .I have learnt how ing in the mind can be translated into actual work.Thanks for the inspiration."Positive : It was a great  in the first attempt. The symmetry and order in building the  is appreciatedUnique : The placement of the s over the top of one-other in the opposite direction was really unique and creative. That shows the creative spark.Revision : Your calculation of 'T"" was wrong. It was 3.18 and 3.18 is a good enough indicator of your creativity.  Friend, you have the creative spark. But, you never tried to convert this spark into fire. For converting spark into fire, we need effort. I wish you tried more number of attempts.Education : It was a great learning experience. You can stick to patterns and symmetry and still be creative.""1. Nice looking  (esp when I compared to mine!) - I like the color. I am very impressed with your effort - that you tried 40 times! I also  that you are quite harsh on yourself with the scores you gave - I  you deserve to give better score to yourself. 2.  What I find interesting in your  is that you have kept some thiner s at the bottom, while keeping the heavier ones at the top. Actually I did the opposite ing it would be more stable, but you were able to achieve a better hight than mine! I also find it interesting that you have crisscrossed your s for support - because that is exactly how I have done it. And I thought that it was interesting that you defined your problem as maximising the height based on the no of s you had (11), rather than to keep adding somehow (say by borrowing for example). I  any design problem has constraints, and that is a practical way to look at things.3. I could not make out from your submission, but did you consider other ways to stack s (e.g., many examples in google group of people sticking s into other shows, rather than crisscrossing).4. I have learned the importance of trying new things (e.g., new ways to stack) to maximise different objectives, as well as doing the same thing many times to maximise the same objective. (hope that makes sense)"1) Better process description, almost like specs,2) Parameters well defined and explained, 3) Too aggressive scores for beauty (other two members I evaluated definitely had built good looking s)"Congrats on finishing this exercise and yes your   is indeed a lot different from others. I liked the part where you mention that you wanted to concentrate more on the height of the (attention to details is important). Also one of the purpose of this exercise was to tell students that design usually improves with multiple iterations and since you designed it 10 times therefore you have done well in this area too. What I learnt from your design ? A totally different view on designing the   (I also used 10 s). When I was searching for stability I was not able to come up with a table design for the base of  but yours is a much more stable design. Thanks and keep up the good work!"The structure looks cool.Your choice of colours and s has added elegance to your work.A picture of your   against a plain back ground would have made it look super cool.Great Try.Trying with wide variety of s gives a better out come.Thank you for the inspiration.Hi, well done. It looks quite tall. The interesting thing is that though the boots look heavy, you have managed to stack it well. But may be you could have made it more colourful? "I the  is pretty impressive!You managed to use a lot of s, though you havent mentioned anywhere how many s you used.A clearer photograph would have enhanced the beauty of the  adding clarity. But i  its a pretty cool attempt! Its a nice big ! :)A strong foundation has helped you reach higher.All the best! :D""Positive:- The first , is amazing and most fascinating piece of creativity. Absolute creative genius. Unique:- The concept of uniformity, idea of shapes (Triangles) is breathtaking. Looks very unique.Revision:- Try building stacks/, since You have already brought a very creative thought into light by Your creation.Education:- I would say, this was a nice representation, inspiring one , which makes me  of shapes and uniformity alongwith order and structure. This is the best so far.Overall:- I would like to rate it 10/10. Perfect.Amazing piece of work."The idea that you have presented is nice but everyone expect a picture of outcome of your idea. All you have mentioned are assumptions and so one should have to imagine what are you saying. Instead from the next exercise please perform what is intended  and submit that."I really like the use of colors in your  . It looks very attractive and catchy.I  you have done a great job with what you had, considering that you are out of town. I  you could try stacking single s upwards after making a base of pairs of two s which you did.Its a nice pretty ! :)All the best!"It looks good and the tallest of all my attempts. I could have collected more s and tried few more attempts to see if I could have done any better than this."The work shows you are very systematic in approaching the problem.The step wise attempt made you to achieve the  within the minimum failures.Interesting thing in your art work  use of pair of 1st s to snatch the heel of the 2nd pair  .Suggestion: you slightly missed on aesthetic look, but overall a nice art work.Best wishes!""You have really good approach towards problem solving, even it is reflected from your initial thought of building a stable structure like pyramid.I would like to appreciate the way in which you have tried to achieve maximum possible height.Only thing is about the aesthetics,  is looking ugly because of dust on the s."Wow, I loved it! You broke the myth of the  by making it to a different  - thro pile! Very creative & colourful! loved all the kinds/ of s!. Inspite of all the s you could not get the height - which was the objective?It's really good work! Keep up this work further down the course! But, I see that you have used the 's rope. But, anyway this was nice.very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) I  this  looks pleasant and aesthetic. But it is a straight forward approach and not too creative. What I learnt is that newness of s can make a difference and add an aesthetic element. Looks nice . I did something similar. Keep it up. Good luck."Positive : I was involved with the project. I worked hard for it. I tried to do things differently.Unique : The foundation was unique. It was a hollow square ( lifted up) at the bottom and side beams supporting the square.Revision : Upper part of the  could be worked out for increasing the height. 70 cms tall with 10 pairs is not VERY RESOURCEFUL. I can redesign the center of the  for being more resourceful.Education : Age is not a limiting factor for creativity and it is the desire that matters. If you desire to be creative...u can be really creative""Hi there!POSITIVE - Appreciate the idea of creating a strong foundational ""wall"" before you built up your .  Architecturally speaking, this is quite important.  Kudos. - The fact that you sincerely try tto accomodate all the s in your vicinity and then eliminating the weaker ones was a sign of a good decision made.UNIQUEI see that foundations were secured more with the strength of the boundaries of the soles than the body of the s themselves.REVISION1.  Creativity can surely been seen in the way how we built it.  There's surely a lot of room to make it more colorful.  If colors are not a choice, categorizing them by the types of s would have enhanced the beauty of the .  2.  Wastage of resources in the subsequent leves above the foundation can be noted quickly for a quick action.  In other words, instead of bunching them up, we can attempt to see of using one or TWO s in a level to farther.  EDUCATIONI really started  that if I had that many s, would have I adopted the same strategy as yours or not.  Frankly, I might have intuitively gone for something what you have done as a kneejerk reaction.  A little more of exploration and planning may have provided some more ideas to go more creative especially with some of the s having their laces which would be used as enforcers.  Here's an example from one of my other evaluations. Lesser s, prettier and higher and more T Value as well.http://jingweicheerup.weebly.com/My grading on the s  for Creativity is 5.For T value, I feel it's a 7.  Happy learning!"i am glad to see that u had made good attempts while constructing the  . it would have been better if u would have clicked any pic of your  , no worries u tried very hard and i liked the way you approached to build the . thank u and all the best Very well done. To make a  of 144 cms is really appreciative. The top most s , i  , placing that would have been a challenge for you. At this point of time i dont have anything to suggest about improvements. It was really good. "Well done.There is some glare in the picture though, but I suppose you have good time with the activity.Cheers."Bravo! Your  seems tall enough to be appreciated. However, the picture is not the best. The  is not seem fully and the quality is not good."Multiple ideas tried out before implementing the best chosen approach for structural strength and minimum resource usage.The design idea is unique and provides natural support strength for taller structures.Aesthetics could definitely be enhanced further.  colors and laces may be utilized better.The picture posted is not of good image. Should be taken care in the subsequent exercises.New learnings -  two new alternate designs from two other peer reviews that I had not considered. I presume, this is still the better approach. Given an opportunity, would have tried combinations of design ideas.""Positive - It is a beautiful looking  Unique - the fact that is held up with only 3 s is truly amazingRevision - It could be higherEducation - I see how i should have used coloured s to make my  more attractive"grade is 4., good creative, very hard work, looks more beautiful "Positive: Your   is 92 cm very high, you did good work.Unique:You used less s but built   with more height,great idea,good work.Reviison: I  you could have used one more long  similar to the which you used at the base, on the top of the  in inverted position,i  it easily possible.Then your  would more height than these.Education: I learnt that  i should build higher  with lesser no. of s not just concentrating only on the height of the .N""Hey! I  you are really being mean and strict on yourself by giving yourself such low ranks for creativity and aesthetics.I really like your ! And i so love the blue flip flops at the top of the . It makes it look so cute! I like the way you have used the boots.You could also try using 2 pairs parallely and build your . That would have given you a higher t value by using less s for support and instead using them for height!All the best! :)"The ideas of using high heels and building a solid foundation were brilliant. I also see various colours in the , which is good. I  the foundation could have been a little more organized, it looks a little congested right now. Reading through what you wrote, I realized that we can all be more creative if we are motivated enough to work at the process (if a few attempts have resulted in this, imagine what some more time spent could have done!) Wish you all the best in your creative pursuits and life!It's really good work! Keep up this work further down the course!"Multiple design ideas are considered and best option that provides strength with minimum resources (s) was used. This approach is a great step forward towards implementing IFF.The uniformity at the top of the structure is not maintained and this along with the better usage of colored s could have enhanced aesthetics.Structured thought process and quickly trying out multiple options is a take away for me from this exercise.""Positive: student is frank enough in her thoughts. However, she put very good efforts in making  and she admits she enjoyed doing exercise.Unique: The thoughts of whether to do this exercise or not. It took so long for student to convince herself to do the exercise.Revision: if you could have done exercise with some more time and by applying thoughts of making  aesthetically beautiful, you would have really enjoyed it to a great extent.Education: i like the ""come on, do it"" approach of student. "Must say that mine was a very simple yet tall  .I find that simplicity of design is the unique point in   exercise. I  i should have done more iteration on the design of the . post providing the feedback , i am able to see how others have approached the exercise and how can i approach the same thing from these perspective.I tried to be smart, by just focusing on how to have the highest "T" score.  Realized that the minimum should be able to achieve it. Did not want to make the tallest  at any cost"Positive: The  looks well balanced and neatly kept.Unique: The same kind and color of s in   gives it a good look.Revision: The  on top could be a vary colorful one.Education: A more better base could be done for the . The beauty of the  could be increased.""You have really done a fanastastic work. Your way of approach was very much appreciable. I found my self a hard time while balancing the  . And its a great job from the part of you to make it taller and well balanced. The unique thing i found was the way you stacked the s. And only a strong foundation can make it to balance at this level of height. I would be more good if you are able to arrrange s in such a manner that beauty is also considered. The foudation is very important for any structure and you proved to be the best to make it tall from a great basement this is the very important lesson i learned from your assignment.Grade: 8 on 10"I wrote less than what others have about the exercise. But my idea was good even though I made a slight error in calculating the T value."1. The way you expressed your creativity is outstanding2. From your comments, I felt you have decided to arrange in such a way that the colour combination & the base should be perfect. Trust me that is awesome.3. I can see a word ""Frustration"". To avoid this, a small suggestion, please write down your innovative ideas or regiter/record your failures. so that once you got frustrated, you can better stop working on it. After few min return back and have a look at your writings so that you will know where to start and what to avoid.4. From your submission, I learnt how to project our creativity effectively. Thank you so much for thatAll the best.....""The efforts that you put in ing and optimizing the   is as much applaudable as the  . The   looks colorful and also at the same time quite tall.I  the T value is pretty good.The urge to maintain height and put creativity both was appreciable.But I  you have not used all of your stocks of s/sandals to erect the structure. If you would have tried base with four s instead of two and followed same nos. at each level, you could have further increased the level. I hope you would have many s/sandals still left for trying this.For me, the best part was that though others gave a greater rating, my peer settled for little less as this may aspire to do further better. Also,the whole activity was strategised and followed was a big learning experience.""I  I have a really aesthetic   compared to the ones I saw. I tried using the design principals and elements that I have learnt about and it reflects making my  stand tall and proud.I only wish it was possible to achieve a higher stricture.It is always great to look back at your work and review it. You realize what you could have done and what could be avoided.I thoroughly enjoyed.:)""Definitely a creative approach although it did not follow the instructions. In real life I would look at it as a maverick approach, something that is crucial for creativity and innovation. A mandala instead of a  - a creative person does not like to stay or  within in a box. Although not part of the project, the  donation poster did have an influence on me - at least from the perspective of social psychology - I was impressed. I found the whole approach to the project unique rather than follow a cookie cutter model. It would have been great if a picture of the creation was submitted. Further, after exploring the mandala, the same number of s might have been used to create a vertical . It is a fact that a lack of resources spawns or spurs creativity and it would have been worth the risk since that is what the instructions for the course actually state. While it is great to be creative, meeting the basic criteria of evaluation would be appropriate - perhaps two pictures could have been submitted. One that is as per the requirements of the course and the other as per the creative stimulus of the individual. What I got from this is that my own  could have been better. I could have reached out to others (neighbors, friends) to add color and variety to my  not from a perspective of competition but from a place of exploring my own talent for resourcefulness and innovation.""To start off I must say that the whole structure looked beautiful, the play of colours and the engineering that had gone into it really made it a classy looking piece of art! What I found unique what that the whole structure rested on just a single ! Wow! I really cannot offer you any suggestions here, its just fabulous and I liked it all through. Maybe adding another  at the base would have given you the ability to go higher, but its got to look good as well and you definitely nailed that!What I learned from assessing your work was that its really a challenge to be a 'critical friend' when you really like what you see! I honestly liked your  tree and it was hard to add anything to the creative process here."Well done! It's a very 'good looking' . I  you did a great job. The variety and brightness of the colors in your  give it a fantastic unique touch. I'm glad you tried keeping the s vertically sideways (I hadn't thought of that), but I have seen people try with the vertical  (not sideways, standing tall), they just got a better T rating, nonetheless I know from my experience that what you did required a lot of ing and smart work, well done once again. Thank you.Hi, I really like how you have worked out the structural requirements of the . The T value of 11.6 is quite amazing  when I look back at how I struggled with getting at least 6 to 8. I  on a creativity scale you could have place your self at a much higher level tan 5, perhaps 7 or 8, sine what you achieved with 6 s is very good. I do  the aesthetics of the  need to be worked on"Positive:   Making a   78 cm tall is no mean feet.Unique:    The technique of placing the s was perfectly done because of which in 3-4 attempts the structure was made.Revision:   Alternate layers of light and dark coloured s could have been used for better and attractive looks.Education: The technique of placing the s and the idea of increasing the   height in this case by placing a tall  at the top is what i have got to learn                     from this  .   ""It would have been good if you had attached a picture along with the submission. Good effort with the little resources you had. Just 8 s, maybe you could have got a bit more height with it? 22cm , yes its for the dwarfs!! :) Cheers!"Picture of your   is not posted. So I don't have any idea about your . You have not drawn a picture or explained how your have built it. You have also not mentioned your T Value. Which is 2.75. Not able your judge your submission.Good to see the different methods you have used to improve the stability of the . Here the goal was height hence aesthetics  can ignored. Got the learning's that one have to be flexible in approach goals."I like your  submission suggestions. I  that you really thought about this exercise but I would like to have seen a picture of your attempt. My other suggestion would be to be a little more descriptive in your answers. You need to tell us why you thought the  you made was better and how you arrived at your creative score.All right ! congratulations on finishing this exercise.  Even if you are creating a bonsai plant you must try and be more detailed in your descrption. Plus in evaluating some of the other questions I you forgot to mention how you reached those figures.Please try to keep these things in mind next time. Overall A job well done."Looks beautiful. Nice creative keep it up up and up very nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) It's good but I could have definitely done better. Others have achieved higher T values with even lesser number of s.liked that i submitted more than one photograph of the . my submission was simple and short now ing could have written better. The structure is very stable had balanced. could have made a taller  by same no of svery nicely done...you did such a good job man...congratz !! full points to you :) "Positive - I like the fact that I reworked the  numberous times to get a broad base and heightUnique - I feel it has interesting colours and is a sturdy robust Revision - I could have used different coloured s to make it even more attractiveEducation - I could have made more attempts"After evaluating peer I realize that more effort could have gone in the exercise and also, there could have been several attempts before I finally submitted it. It also taught me that how people with diverse creative abilities generate ideas on the basis of conceptions, manifestations and interpretations."1. I  this is a very logical way to go about it, where you have tried to build a stable system.2. Actually what I find most interesting about your submission is how close my own submission is to yours (including the crisscrossing and the way you described it i.e., jenga like! I also made my  with similar ing, and later realised how much more could have been done with it! I now see that this is typical male ing - this logical way: I  women  differently. I find it interesting that you (and I!) did not pay as much attention to the look of the , even though the assignment clearly says we should! 3. After seeing your work, the work of others, my own work (with is similar to yours), I would suggest that many more iterations are needed to explore options. I  instead of trying to build the highest  only (at the expense of beauty or aiming for the T hight), the different tries could be explored to achieve different objectives. So try 2 could make the  the most beautiful you could make it, while try 3 could be to max T. I know that I just tried to max the height, without even trying to make my  even a little bit beautiful - was it the same with you?4. This exercise opened my eye. One that people can and often times  alike (in this case you and I). Second: a seemingly simple exercise like this one, can have so many interesting and better ways to do the same thing. After having seen some of the others work and ing, I would have graded my self much more harshly than I did. I would also have tried much harder to get a better . I dont  I tried hard enough.""You rightly acknowledged your art work, In the process of building tall , missed on the aesthetic aspects.Its robust structure! You would have achieved a good T score by placing last s in vertical direction.Over all nice effort. Best wishes!!!""Hello! :) You have done a good job and have achieved a very high T value! Congratulations!I found it quite unique that you drew inspiration from real architecture - the Empire State Building. If you would like to do a pyramidal , you could try a broader base. My learning from your  is the various positions you have placed the s in; for example the second tier of your   is really creative!"That was good idea. I found that you used triangle form to build the foundation and simply put the s altogether."It surprised me to see the height of the   is 103 cm! I know how difficult it is, since you need to consider a lot about the structure, each 's weight, and how to let them all stay balance. You are succeed in building the real """"!I love the way you arranged your s just like in a  rack, tidy and well structured, and something fun here is that you put your sandals vertically for the top that make me able to imagine the shape of """". Maybe you can try to be wilder, or not to be too conservative. To build a   doesn't mean you have to be too tidy which probably bring a limitation in your ability to do other possible creative designs. I've never thought to build a  like the way you did, since I used to have a perception that, in building a big and tall , we should do it in a shape of pyramid to make a stronger base, but here I realize that vertically structured is also possible to make an incredibly tall   as long as we know how to deal with each weight! Thank you!"I love your . Well done! Pretty high. You took time and were patient with this exercise. It really looks like the Eifel  :-) the idea how to build it, however i could have taken more time and tried  more ... did not have enough patient... the picture does not reflect the beauty of the . Wow, cool! You tried so many times and finally can make a great   ! I like your efforts. Your   is unique too. You made the   "representing girls' different periods". You're very creative to insert a philosophy to your  ! But, there is only one problem. You forget to write your   height and T Value. Well, maybe you forgot to write that, but I really want to know the T value of your beautiful  . From your  , I learn that you can add philosophy to anything. Yes, I didn't even  about philosophy and other things when makin my  . So, thank you."You did build a fairly high  with a small number of s. Well done!  Pretty creative to do it this way - i did learn something new. I do agree with your assessment that the beauty is not the focus here. However beauty is relative and a question of taste. "Your   is great! I like that! Your   is unique too. The only problem is that you could make the T value more than that. Anyway, I like your   ! Your   is really good. But, I  you did not read the basic instruction carefully. It should be without optional material (your is slipper) because in the basic instruction said "No other materials are allowed besides s"."After evaluating the previous two students' works, I'm glad to see this work that is full of creative design. You considered every single aspect in depth and detail, despite of a limit number of s you had. You also have a unique imagination that gives different character upon each  and so funny to find a braid made by converse s!Something you can improve is to try to use more s to build a higher  next time. I also find a small mistake in valuating your  's metric: your  is 36 cm long and used 7 pairs of s (give out a total of 14 s) that should gives 2.57 instead of 5.14 as the value for the metric.An important lesson I get here is about how to build the possible highest   made by given number of s, instead of building an ordinary height   made by a bunch of s. The second one is to notice that creative can be done in every single aspect, no matter what the subject is. I'm looking forward for the next improvement! Good luck!"You have made a tidy, strong-based, a height of 140 cm's  , well done! Something interesting here, you arranged your   to be very tight and tacky. Maybe you can try to do other possible designs instead of an ordinary stack of s. Aesthetic doesn't always mean you have to be tidy. Something wrong here, you stated that your metric's value is 48/50, but your overall height is 140 cm, right? I suggest you to try to give out more profound detail description of your work so that we are able to know more about your journey! I'm sure you can do better next time! Good luck! What I can learn here, is the idea of stacking the s using a symmetric shape. Wider base and solid arrangement gives out stronger basement. Thank you!Wow, cool ! You can make 104.4 cm height with only 24 s. My own   is only 84 cm with 24 s, but I don't use boots. Your   must be cool, because you use boots. You can make sky high   with boots. By the way, I don't see the picture of your  , so I don't really know what your   looks like. Maybe there is an error with your internet connection while uploaded it? Well, from your assessment, I learn that I should be more patience. I made my   with less patience compared to you. I only want to finish the assessment quickly with the shortest way. So, thank you."Hello, I'm Houman.You have nice try and create a good .I  if you try more can build another  with more value.After all I appreciate you for doing this good job.""Good job!The base of your   has good standability.It seems you could reach more height if you have used one or two more s.I suggest you to use upside down high heels or flats and then put light s at the top.It makes the balance of  much better.Using The beautiful coloured  at the top of  your   has made your work much more beautiful! Your photo was upside down and I had to turn my laptop!! Your expressing of yourself in   was really interesting.I have learned how to express myself in my work!Thank you !"I love your  !It is really beautiful!Using a pair of s at the top is good.I learned it from you my creative friend.But your is not correctly uploaded ,I had to turn my laptop! Thanks!"Hello, I'm Houman.You have nice try and create a good .I  if you try more can build more beautiful  with more value.After all I appreciate you for doing this good job.""I  my 's design is very good but this  isn't so beautiful because I haven't good s to use.If I have more beautiful s build  with more color but that's the best i could :)"Good submission, good use of cross bar system, using high s on top was nice, but seems to be a little bit non-stable."Hello, I'm Houman.You have nice try and create a good  ( or wall maybe :) )I  if you try more can build more beautiful  with more value.After all I appreciate you for doing this good job."A very well submission, good use of cross bar system, using the trophy on top was really ingenious and creative.A good submission, good use of cross bar system, good T-value.Good Job looks beautiful!Using flowered s at the top is Unique.My grade for you is 9 and I am sure you can do better! I learned from you how to use beautiful flats at the top!Thanks my friend!Be creative!"HelloI  s are vertical.Maybe your castle was fallen :)""Hey boy!You could do it better.I can't find your creativity in your  ;)""I was surprised by your deep details. well done my friend. I really liked your , the first  was great in T value but it's shape was not very satisfactory. the second one (Boots) you know i  is not creativity, it's just putting them together and no creativity.Any way i really appreciate your attempts and wish you the best wishes.  I learned to  "Good job!The base part of   seems standable and makes a good balance for the upper parts.Using flats and upside down s in the middle part makes the  more standable.The most beautiful thing in this   is using beautiful high heels at the top!It  makes the  look more beautiful!Different colors in this work make the eyes to turn toward the  .The Photo is clear and right.The wooden sandal in  front of the base part and the golden sandals turn the look of the viewers to the top of the  .This is the unique point of this  !!The standabiltiy seems good."Hello and thanks for good description.You design very carefully and this is good.If you want my opinion you can build better s with more values.Because you are creative :)""""WOW!""...This was the exactly the word came to my mind at first sight.It looks amazing. Congratulations!So neat and beautiful. A great sign of creativity in it. Tumbs up ;)I just want to reassure that you could have made a taller one indeed.Good Luck."You did your job well by great attempts, although I  it could be better in design yet. It would be better if you just submitted your best result instead of three models."you chose to sketch idea first, it's very helpful and it was good way of failures and successes.your idea for pyramid form was interesting to me and I learn this idea from you,thank you."Nice and strong  !It looks strong and beautiful!Using golden one on the top turns the eyes of observer to top!I learned it from you my friend! my grade is 9 for you.Thanks!"Good job!It looks beautiful!The colours are nice!Using light s at the top is great!Using upside down high heels or sandals makes a good balance for the  .Maybe you could reach higher by using more of them for more balance.I learned from your beautiful  ,first using foldable and light s at the top and using colourful s!Thank you my friend!Your grade 9 ."Very good high  !It looks very strong and balanced!You have chosen a very good place to make your   because of the mirror!Showing your   from different sides is great!I learned that using s from the sides could help making stronger balancy.my grade for you is 10,for height and good presentation!Thanks!"you have created a very nice model. well done. I liked the brown one :) . the only thing i wanted to mention is that you could build higher  with that amount of s. the other one is about the T formula, it's (Total  height in cm) divided by (Number of s) not pair of s. any way i would thank you for your effort and wish the best wishes for you.""Your effort is indeed priceless. Good job!The base of your   looks nice, there is design in it. I  You could have made the top of it as beautiful as the bottom part. As you could make this , I am sure you have had the ability to make a taller one.Next time try more.Good Luck""Hello, I'm Houman.At first i should say your  is very well-designed and beautiful. I'm impressed ;)You can work on number of s to reach more value.Well done"in comparison with other student i  i have made a good model. my T value was good and i have had lots of models and finally choose this one.The  built by great design and idea.I like the designing approach and results.I  it might be tallet  with a little more effort."Hello.You can try more man.Give us a  with a creative foundation.Your value is high but your design isn't same good.""is Good Job!Your   seems very strong and balanced.Using just fiat and running is very interesting.My grade is 8.My reflection is using heavy s for the base part makes better balance for  .Thanks!  "well done my friend. i wish there was an image so that i could see your model. good T value and good description. I  your creativity scale is more than 5.Nice job.You are a smart person and found a good special way to built your .I  the last  that you put had no effect on your  and was useless. "Hello, well done.I  you can be better than this.Number of s are very high and this cause to your  has a low value.Try harder man :)""Hello!You have nice try and create good s.I  if you try more can build more beautiful  with more value.After all I appreciate you for doing this good job."Done with humour and a sense of exploration. Unique, brave and perhaps foolhardy in trying a single, precarious stack of s. Oh, how to improve? Maybe more focus on the aesthetics, after so many failed attempts I just wanted it to stay up. What did I learn? Umm, that I like to have fun and the more fun something is the more I will apply myself. Hmm, must  about this some more. "Hi, I would give you a 10 on the beauty scale for you , it looked amazing! I like the way you have really thought about this task and put a lot of time and effort into it. I would query how many s you used though, I counted 22, I realise that is 11 pairs and that is where you got your number from. I might go and have another go at building a   using your method!"Actually I love the fact that your   is monchrome; it makes the viewer focus more on the form than on the different colours of s. I also like the fact that you chose your own path, focusing on the mechanical as that was where your creativity called you. I  you've been a little hard on yourself with your 5/10 for beauty and creativity. Take a look back over your photo and maybe give yourself a higher mark. Your   showed clearly that sometimes less is more. Keep on creating! :)"Hi, That is a very impressive !! 22 s is a fantastic effort, I am very impressed you managed to stack that many s on top of each other without it toppling over.  I wonder if that is a record for this task?  You forgot to tell us how tall your  was, did you measure it at the time?Overall excellent Job."I like the work that went into decorating the  to make it more pleasing to look at but on reflection of other people's work I would perhaps give the  a lower score for beauty as I have not made the s themselves look beautiful. As I look at the pictures again I realise that the  looks better from behind so if I were to make a change I would have reversed the  and used the back of it as my main focus. I have learned that by comparing my work with other s I can see more critically the improvements or changes I could make."I like your , the colours are calm and neutral and it is interesting that you took a photo every time that you added a pair of s, clever! It's a solid, strong looking construction. It  is excellent that you persevered and completed the  even though you  that you are not very creative and could not  what to do, I hope that you now see that you are indeed a creative person. It is a shame that you forgot to measure your  before it fell down, I would have been interested what the T value was.From providing feedback on your , I can see how diverse people are in how they approach the same problem. Thanks for sharing!"I  you were right to give your  a 9 for beauty, it is very pretty. I like that you used baby s for the top. The only 'criticism' I would give is that you scored yourself so low on creativity, I would give you an 8 instead of a 6 for that, I  you are being a little bit hard on yourself. Finally, I am learning from this exercise that being gentle and appreciative of an other person's work makes me feel good and I hope what I have said is helpful.I still like my , it is graceful and different but having seen other peoples work, I'm not  sure if I did this exercise correctly? Everyone else built up while I build down-  Still, it is what it is and I will be interested to see what other people  of this work. I  maybe I could have tried a few different versions with real s before submitting this . It was very interesting to read about other peoples work, ideas and thought processes , to realise that I am not the only one who has self doubt and that I need to read the instructions better as I forgot to rate the beauty of the - I would give it an 7 as my friend and I liked it, but my husband did not."The concept of larger s stepping on the bigger s is very interesting and creative.The fact that different types of s, both mens and womens were used is very insightful and in turn symbolises the different markets.A photo or sketch in the submission would have been very helpful in visualizing the piece. A more detailed reflection would further instill the overall concept that is modern day markets.I found the overall concept interesting and creative, and it gave food for thought as regards today's markets."I love the way you have used matching colours for your , this makes it very beautiful. For this reason I would give you an 9 for beauty and also an 8 for creativity. Perhaps you need to be a little less critical of yourself and realise that this is a very beautifully coloured creation and take a little more pride in your work. I enjoyed providing this feedback and hope it was helpful to you."I have just given feedback to two students who built enormous s with over 20 s, and did feel slightly deflated that I had used so few s, but then I saw the photo again of my own , and I was reminded of how much fun I had had building it, I also really like the uniqueness of it, and I like the fact that I managed to build a tall  with only a few s.  Once i had built something that was visually pleasing to me I stopped, I didn't try another design to see if I could build taller, maybe next time I should, who knows what I might create. Ive learnt, not to compare myself to others, or let other peoples work affect my feelings towards my own projects......a good lesson to learn!""I found the   to be interesting and elegant. The structure is very well done and explained very well in the reflection. The use of the 'painting s' adds character to the  and was a good addition.The  functions well but does not exude creativity. I  more thought should have gone into the concept of the piece and what it symbolises. Fortunately though, it looks great and has achieved a good height. Perhaps this is effortless and natural creativity."I like the description of your  and that you chose s that you use for different activities in your life. Very clever! Your T value sounds very good also, it is a shame that your photo is not available for viewing as I would have liked to see the '4 faces of my life' . I  you are being tough on yourself with a creativity score of 6 as you have put a lot of thought and effort into your work. Perhaps next time you could try a ( or few s) according to your vision for it, and then try another in a more organic random way- thereby making you feel less restricted perhaps? I'm glad that I got to review your work, everyone seems to have such a different way of approaching the exercise and I like that yours had an overall theme relating to your life. Thank you for sharing!"The highlights of the submission are the concept and the aesthetics. The  is elegant and symbolic of the power that horses possess. The fact that the piece is titled shows creativity and originality. The detail in the reflection is helpful to the person evaluating as it gives ample information on the process.The concept is unique and interesting.The  could have been higher. More thought should have gone into the structure of the piece.The piece taught me to  beyond the structure and towards the concept of the  and what it is intended to achieve. However, structure is important and time must be spent on its consideration."Your  made me smile so that was a perfect start to this assessment. I love the fact that you chose your own measurement of success which was beauty and let the value result chips fall where they may. I would love to have seen one more  (maybe a flip flop?) sticking out of the fabulous strappy blue  you have topping your , but other than that, your  is gorgeous. My  looks rather underwhelming compared to yours; I was working with a limited supply as I'm traveling right now, and your photo reminded me of how much I miss my other s! Keep on creating! :)"I like that you put s both upright and upside down and that you built with the toe of one  on the opening of the next. I guess this added stability. I also like that you used repeating stable layers. It may not be the prettiest, but it is very symmetrical and stable.I also laughed that in your picture I can see more s. Were you ready to go with more as soon as this was stable? (I used all my s and ran out way before 28).You wrote that you used short and intense attempts for this exercise and that you use longer attempts for more complicated problems. I wonder if you can stretch out all your attempts at creativity. I wonder how that would have changed your results here.I do thank you for giving me the idea of building repeating stable layers. Overall, Good work!""Strenghts: good structure for that number of sUniqueness: nothing special, but nice effort to work out a  made of a mixture of woman and man s.Revision: final result looks stable. Given I had more s I could build a better stable base and reach a more optimal structureEducation: I did learn the importance of a good stability in order to achieve a maximum height gain"Amazing!!! great T ratio, great ing. I like the order also but it's a bit too orderly for me :) but the boots is a great idea! Really liked it"I opt for the 1% penalty..sorry I am just very busy.."I like my project because it is different than the other project I evaluated, and it made me  and develop my creativity."Strenghts: Very simple structure for a good number of s. So it is actually a weakness hereUniqueness: none, you have missed the task of building to maximum heightRevision: final result is poor. Given you had more s you will probably build a similar structure...Education: I did learn the use of a good stability combined with a maximum height gain"Very nice! Your  is symmetric and uses the balance and shape of the s to complete the assignment. It is apparent that you put some thought and trials to get it to be well balanced. I  that if you had more motivation - tried to make it more attractive and more creative - you would have found a better and taller solution.  Thanks for your description of your project. I leaned a lot from your process."I  I could have thought about boots but it is too hot here for that :) and I could  more about aesthetics which I completely neglected compared to others.""Strenghts: nice structure for small number of sUniqueness: none, but nice effort to work out a compact Revision: final result looks stable. Given you had more s you could build an excellent structureEducation: I did learn the use of a good stability combined with a maximum height gain""Wow, from your opening sentence I would guess you are an engineer! (Or perhaps a technical writer.) You seem to have worked very methodically to build your .I applaud you on the thoroughness of your description.I wonder why you stopped after your first attempt with some fine tuning? I wonder if you would have done better on a second attempt? I do thank you for showing how write clearly and tell everything you did. I hope you enjoy the rest of the course. ""Strenghts: Excellent structure for small number of sUniqueness: The symetry structure! Wonderful!Revision: final result looks stable. Given you had more s you could build an excellent structureEducation: I did learn the use of symetrical structure combined with a maximum height gain""P- 12 attempts, different coats of paint, drawings, attempting different shapes, deserve a lot of credit. The final result shows these attempts. Great job.U- At first glance you immediately are impressed by the design. Very artistic; grey at the bottom- black on top, aesthetic, looks simple and very eye catching. What is also impressive is that it is mentioned that every failure enhanced competitiveness, and it took three hours.R- It seems there was a mentality of give them what they want, so although the design and feature were unique creativity was limited. It could be the instructions were too precise and had everyone more or less framed, however innovative ing is about breaking out of the frame. In my opinion this was not the case here.  E- When talking about creativity we have to differentiate between the scales of a creative process. A person has to be in a creative mood for substantial results. Giving feed back to this project I couldnt help but wonder was this really worth 3 hours and 12 attempts? Given a choice beforehand I wonder if this person would have opted to spend less time on this   and use the remaining time for something better to do. This exercise has clear boundaries, especially the T ratio. It seems people conform easily."Nice  and I liked the fact you gave so much emphasis to colors and the transformers part. You didn't write the value for the metric (height in cm) which is 42/18 (9 pairs) = 2.3. I learned that you  completly different from me on the same task and that was nice :)"I  the multiple attempts as well as the stopping and reflecting while working were good strategies.The reflection on  type seems to be unique as this was not considered by others. In addition, some of the pictures included high boots, something I did not feel comfortable with.I  sticking the toe of one  into the opening of the one below would have been a good strategy, especially at the top.I did learn that I did not  very far out of the box as all my s were flat and arranged in simple layers. ""P-Creativity comes from diverse minds. From the description one understands that the wife and kids were involved.  Trust, opennes, playfulness, (Ekvall 1996) enhances creativity.U- The number of attempts.R-It is critical to be different than others, in order to be a successful Innovator. Looking at so many of the  s, everyone is taking s and stacking them up, this   did not stand out in any way. It is important to find the way to stand out, to be unique.                                                                                                                                                                    Ideas: Have the highest or lowest T-rate, use more/less s that anyone else, dont use real s, do it quicker than anyone else.E- Sorry to say I had no aahha moment in doing this feedback. What did astonish me is the high scale (7) this person gave himself both for beauty and creativity. It had neither. "Very nice! Your  is aesthetic and I like the black&white effect of the photo. It is apparent that you put a lot of thought and trials to get it to be tall and well balanced. If you had more s I would suggest to make a wider base so you can make it higher.  Thanks for your description of your project. I leaned a lot from your process.Hi! I read all you have written, but It's too abstract for me to understand without a drawing or a photo.  Although there is a interesting observation in the "Value" field: the goal was a Higher or Lower score? Thank you for make me  about it.The foundation is well done and it seems solid. I  is really difficult to improve this structure if you don't change it totally. Anyway it's a good work!I like the approach and thumbs up for the clever idea. I would have explored also how to get max hieght on top of max T. Liked also the description of beautiy :)Not bad but it could have helped a little more research. I like the double approach.(P). I  this student did the exercise very well. First: He/she used a lot of s, and he/she builded a strong . (U)The  was built using soft s to build the lower side (the base) and stabilize the building, while the boots were used to get in a "sustainable" a great height. The choice to use boots tends to make the most efficient coefficient T. (R)The suggestion is to work more on the aesthetic appearance of the , using the range of colors offered from the s to make the building more beautiful. Another suggestion is to take better care of the photo processing that can enhance the value of the work done. (E)In the evaluation of the other work I've been ing about my work in a comparative manner. I understand what my  is better and what I can instead improve also my way of conceiving the . I also understand that the concept of the  is large and that lends itself to being developed in a creative way."Hallo, the  you've built instills the certainty of steadiness and is the real robust foundation for such a delicate exercise. This steadiness allows the difficult tilt to one side. The  is also slightly curved and has a dynamic evolution combining the background of solidity with a derivation of vivacity.Open widely to this incitement of liveliness to see where your creativity will guide you.I am a feedback provider which bases comments with the P.U.R.E. approach (positive,unique, revision, education).Wish you a great continuation in the path of Creativity, Innovation and Change.""The project is simple and functional: I like it. I  is difficult to improve if you don't change it totally"(P) This student has worked on combining creativity and technique! he worked as an artist and as an engineer at the same time. (U) He has used the strict standards to determine what "is a good " and has set out in detail the rules and objectives after experiencing the work many times. (R) Greater focus on aesthetics and color. (E) I realized how my way of building the  was superficial and unprofessional and what you might be in a precise exercise."I spend a proper time trying to anticipate possibilities and criticalities. That allowed me to reduce the number of unnecessary attempts and focus on aesthetic qualities and T performance.The structure is stable and accessible, maybe even useful.I missed sharing some reasoning with classmates.""Considering the stability requirement is definitely important, in my view. The value of your T KPI is very high and I  I  would have appreciated it much more, if I had the chance to see the picture; I actually couldn't from COURSERA evaluation Web page and I'm sorry for that (you can send it to me at daniele.pes@gmail.com).From aesthetic viewpoint, I suggest two things: (1) ask for third party opinion, not only friend's and don't compare your work only with your friend's (2) don't just ask for opinion on your work but ask someone to ""use"" your outcome and just observe himt/her while interacting with it."Dear, your  seems good, aesthetically beautiful. You did a good job and I agree about the rate assigned regarding how beautiful it is and creativity.Sorry but without a photo it's not possible the evalutationI have to say that your  is relatively high and symmetric and this are the things I like. I would suggest you for the next time to explain a little more and answer more questions, I can't say anything more based on this text. The information is incomplete and I would have enjoyed being able to compare a little more your and my job. For example, you have not said the number of s used, nor the T value. Thank you for your try!I appreciate the fact that you chose to build your  stable and repeatable. Honestly I bet everything on the T value and surely your  is far more stable than mine. You had set conditions and followed them.  I used nearly all vertical s. The most efficient one was to use one single  and put it in vertical position, but your job surely is more suitable as a defence  for storming the castle! I also like the fact that you proposed more solutions and I am a little disappointed that you did not post photos of your other ideas even if maybe they were similar. I  your rate is correct, not the most beautiful  but a strong one. Thanks for your try!The foundation is well done and it seems solid. The idea of the  is the same I used after various attempts and I  is the most functionalP) I set up the  using all the s available. The heavier s have been used to give more stability to the . Lighter ones to raise the height of the . (U) I have to say that even though I gave a low rating to the aesthetic side, the  is bright and colorful, aesthetically original. (R) The work was done quickly, and I could not be more accurate in the composition of the building. (E) In the evaluation I became aware of other aspects that I had not thought of before, such as the ability to cure even the aesthetics of photography doing a better click"Hi. Nice shot ;) Why didn't you provide a description? Maybe next time you should try to explore more options. ""Hallo, yours is an original job.The composition of the  has an own aestethic, with a balanced symmetry that gives stability, before to evolve in the lateral broad wings (the black s) that add dynamism, a refinement touch, an unespected and distintive change from the regular shape-sorter between vertical, horizontal and diagonal combination of s. Very interesting the symmetry combination and the introduction of the horizontal wings.  Focus on the wings and maybe another awesome shape of the  will appear with a sign of how your creativity works and flies higher. I am a feedback provider which base the comments with the P.U.R.E. approach (positive,unique, revision, education).Wish you  a great continuation in the path of Creativity, Innovation and Change."I like that you used two different techniques to achieve your . And keeping them in pair to me adds to stability (not sure about beauty). Good job.Well done for the describtion of the jenga. your  seams strong but it's not high. Think of the torre Eiffel. Use the skills of your s, to contain foots and to have a heel. Find the equilibrium between 2 s and through others. You save quantity of s. At the beginning I was not so happy to do these game for kids but at the end I was totally enthusiastic and I've learn that I can improve my skills doing things, again and again and to  at the object in a different way to find solution.The foundation is well done and it seems solid. Really interesting and challenging is the use of female s with heel. However the heels create constraints that are difficult to overcome because the structure become suddenly vertical. I understand the the type of s is important to build a succesful projectThe foundation is well done and it seems solid. Really interesting the use of laces. The work is eccellente: I have no suggestions. I understand the the type of s is important to build a succesful project. Also a part of the s (the laces) is an important factor to take in considerationI'm happy with my job, I definitely noticed that many other students have used as an example for the structure of the , the Eiffel. My  of s is distinguished by simplicity, it is a little spooky. Perhaps with more s I could do better. I was surprised comel'utilizzo of a common object may have given rise to an inference imaginative and above all, creative. This has allowed all of us to reflect on how the simplicity and normality can trasformasi pure creativity."It sounds like you loved the exercise because you love s :-) I love them too and I'm Italian!Your composition is elegant and multi-colored. Husing s with heels definitely added some complexity to your art-work, in terms of stability. Stability still (probably) is the weakest point of your structure, but I'm not sure this is a major point. "The project is simple and functional: I like it. I  is difficult to improve if you don't change it totallyFirst of all, congratulations, it's a beautiful . The aspect that I like most is the color uniformity; totally or almost black. According having used Elegant female s I guess it's been difficult to unite them, because of their irregular shape compared to other types of s. I do not  I could do better and also I probably would have used a running  as internal base. Perhaps with a larger base you could build a  higher. I conclude with the educational aspect; the continually trying and failing to build definitely is a way to success. Only after dealing with different strategies you can achieve a satisfactory result.Hi, nice job! I love the child's  on the top of the second . It's make me smile. I have a similar approach with the problem, but a different result (this is my video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T46V-1xVQQc) and this is the power of this Mooc. I  the goal is not reached because the  needs to stand stillI like the sincerity of this ing,very positive "good idea come later" and also "intelligent ast failure It was logic and creativeNice and efficient little effort for good result, using flip flot make it easier that a nice trick well done! I am sure that comparing with other  would help you in choosing also boot and male s. From this review I learned to dare indeed  I didn't use flip flop or slippers because I don't consider them s."I am sorry, I can't review your job because I don't speak Chinese. I tried to use google translate but it was incomprehensible. It was stated to submit reflections in English, please write in English next time so I can give you feedback."How many layer? At least 16,  well done! I used  also all the s I selected, nothing left! Next time I will use also flip flop and slippers to mafe flats surface and to cover holes. I am proud of my work. I learned  to be more self confident Well, I have evaluated only 3 people but I surprisingly  that probably I was one of the most creative, if creative is achieving the most efficient result. I am not talking about beauty or something similar. I've seen different approaches and I discovered that people consider more important some aspects that I omitted and vice versa. I based all my ideas only on the given rules and barely tried to bypass them while others used more rules that were important to them but not stated. They were simply creative in a different way, and that confirm what I learnt from video lessons of week 2 (or maybe it was 1, don't remember!)you thought as an engineer: space, solid and opportunities in height and weight. I agree with saying that with different colors the result would have been miliorebut your  has its own style and charm. I also took 45 minutes, but I made a large number of tests.  about the s because of their characteristic or contain the feet and heels for height.  of the Eiffel  and try to reinvent the , leaving blanks to go up in height. see the  in a different way and finds its balance."Dear, your  seems good, aesthetically acceptable. I beg your pardon for being so rude, but I'm confident that you could put more efforts on describing your actions, answering to the question points in a better way. First of all, there is no calculation of the value (2.5); numbers of attempts and revisions?I agree about the rate assigned regarding how beautiful it is; whereas there is no explanation about the creativity in addition to the rate.I strongly recommend more efforts on next time about describing your tries and the reasons.""The foundation is well done and it seems solid. The idea I  is the most functional"Hi, nice job! The value is high (11) and I  you have a brilliant idea putting s inside boots. The overall aesthetic is not "so" great, maybe next time you should choose more carefully. The interesting phase in this kind of Mooc is to view the same problem with other sight.compliments for construction. I like the idea that through a few pairs of s has reached a considerable height. This demonstrates the ability to use limited resources to achieve excellent results. Probably overlapping interlocking individual s, from the largest to smallest or light, you could get a higher . From this exercise, I noticed a big differentiation in creativity, all very valid. The s I have pointed out the roots of this diversity, in fact the various s also indicated the personality of the creator."you used creativity to find ways to reach the goal or the fashion and very good  cm /  size.can improve avoiding stress and reflecting on how to build the  saving space.I love your desire to do and to improve results but before leaving in the fourth round to reflect""Dear, your  seems so poor, low and not beautiful. I beg your pardon for being so rude, but I'm confident that you could do more. First of all, the value is 1.91 and not 2; two tries seem few; you had not assigned a rate about how beautiful it is;  whereas about creativity I agree with you.I strongly recommend more efforts on next time and  more before acting making more reflections on the problem."Beautifull figure also the cherry! It looks like the empire state building. With few s you attained a high T value. The idea of the boots inside the others was great. 5 s were left, I  the  had a strong basis to support at least two more layer. For example instead of putting the jordan's and the nike in that way, build  one or two layer like when the s are in their box in the shops where you buy it. I learned to use less s to reach a  high like mine using good ideas such miltary boots for pillars. I liked how clean my  looked and the fact that I used a variety of s (mostly heels) but different styles and colours. I find it interesting and unique that my  was made from 10 pairs of s and 9 out of the 10 pairs were all stilettos. All the other  I saw were made entirely of flats. I  I my   should have been a lot taller than it was considering I used 10 pairs of s. I am happy I was able to experience this course and this assignment and also to see the contribution of some of my colleagues. I also learned I made a mistake with regards to the T formula. I should have given the amount of s used, which was 20 instead of the number of pairs of s used which I gave which were 10 pairs."Positive:- Absolutely beautiful colors and design; Unique:- Very unique; I didn't imagine this design would stand the way it did.  Revision:- While the  in itself was well done, the answers to questions were limited. I am not able to tell how the score for beauty was determined as well as what scope is there for improvement in term of creativity.  Education:- I learned that simple can be better as shown in this  .  Also, if we just open our minds we will see that there is creativity in all of us..  "I liked how the s were balanced well for this  and I also liked the fact it was actually very tall. It was kind of interesting to see that even though the base was made using two s only one seemed to carry the bulk of the . I would have loved to see some variety and colour on this . I find this part of the exercise to be very interesting as it gives me the opportunity to see how different people tackle the same challenge. I  this   has a strong and sturdy foundation and I  the main strength was the fact that the  was built out of flat s. What I liked was that not all the s were stacked horizontally, there was one that was stacked vertically, which gave the  a sort of 'edge'. I  the  could have been neater, the s looked a bit scrunched together, which made the  seem messy. I was able to have an idea regarding the thought processes my colleagues went through while building their s."This  put a huge smile on my face. I was pleasantly surprised by the simplicity of this person's  , and how only one pair of s was used to create the tallest   I have ever seen. I would have liked to see more colour and shapes which would have made this  all the more exciting. I also went through the initial ing stage where I wondered how I could make my  very tall. This  made me realise that sometimes less is really more, that somethings don't have to be overly complicated to be extraordinary.""Positive:-Solid base to securely keep the structure in place. Unique:- in terms of how the heals of the  were used to balance allowing further building; colour blends..  Revision:-Not much detail was given in describing the process of building the .  Education:-I have learned it is hard to be a critic of my own work even when I felt I was very creative in doing it.  However, when compared to other work I see great possibilities and want to get started on the next exercise.""Positive:- Creative...obviously putting a lot of thought and effort in creating this . Unique:- Display uniqueness in the way the ballet  were used to create an impressive height. Revision:- I am not sure if the  laces are allowed in securing the  although they are considered part of the  (based on the guidelines given.).  I  there might also be a miscalculation; my calculation worked out to 2.12 and not 21.3.  Education:- As with this student, more is not always better and that a structure is only as secure as its foundation.""Positive - The numerous attempts I made to create the piece, pretty little roof I made with the last pairUnique - The last pink pair at the topRevision - Mix of colour could be more vibrant, could have laid some on the sides, not focus so much on height but on placement, a pretty design might have unfolded.Education - got lost focusing on height and not so much on being creative and innovative""Positive - He had family support.Unique - Balancing of the sRevision - Could have made more than seven attempts, maybe mixing the black and white to add some creativity to the submission, not just put pair to pairEducation - Did not learn much, just liked the idea that it was a family event""Positive - Practical and calculating piece, The use of 3D to experiment was also creativeUnique - the pictures of the attempts made, the 3D approach, his final conclusion on the  heightRevision - It was only two s, he could 3D a couple more, change the colour perhapsEducation - Uses of 3D and other advanced terms had me researching them""Positive: I was wondering how you managed to keep the second boot steady...Unique: I  it's possible to see a connection between the s, almost the same type but different colorsRevision: Quantity sometimes doesn't mean quality, I  you could have use more s, maybe had tried to combine different kinds of s...Education: you're quite honest when you mentioned you used three s, you could have simply said you used 2, and that would people the idea of ""wow"" a  with only a pair of s!"I  your creation was magnificent. Of course you could have predicted a positive comment first since the instructions for Peer Review urged us to use the PURE approach. My positive first-comment though was not given out of obligation to the review approach. I sincerely  it is magnificent. Perhaps not the structure itself, understanding limited resources, it is quite small. I ; however, that there are many different perspectives to your project. When I see your  I see an arrangement of running s. This makes me wonder about your life, what kind of activities you enjoy. When I see the glimpses of the room the  was built in I can't help but  about, what place is this, how neatly the bed is made, the wood floor and furniture. Lastly, the brief description of your life...working, late, small apartment, all of these things together are intriguing and make me want to know more. That is the beauty of your . Thank you.Although a modest self evaluation, I felt this  was creative in a way that is considering stable ness. "The work is really neat and clean like a well designed building. And I  the choice of s was quite great. How did you find the s that could balance best?Above the boot, it is still possible to pile up more s. Had you try? I feel that the student was very focus on gaining the biggest T value so he / she eventually took off green and yellow pairs. The decision is critical when there's a clear goal."The planning was done very creatively with nice drawings and explanations beside them that were easy to understand. For example, coloring a triangular and rainbow  with most s at the bottom is easy to understand, and is very attractive. I also  that the idea of using s that are large and also making the  with different colors at each level is unique, and this is connected to planning on paper before actually starting to build a . As for suggested revisions, I would have loved to see a photo taken of the actual free standing rainbow   and its height measured instead of the hypothetical answer. I learned that it is important to plan before hand rather than trying to do the task immediately without imagining the end product first. The results in terms of its quality in terms of creativity can be very different. I will try to consciously come up with planning and drafting before actually being engaged in a creative task for a creative product at the end. "The  was composed with different styles and sorts of s and was with colors.To stabilize the , lighter s went to higher position. But I feel it is still possible to try other combination.""Your   has a steady structure and looks robust. I found that you kept the s in good balance to form layers and many of the s are in dark colors.However, I  it will be more fun to have colorful or other sort of s (like high heels or sandals). From this , I feel the beauty of well-structure object."Well, it was tall and used the least amount of material to achieve its height. I'm not sure how unique it was, i've since looked at many  s and they all (at a glance) seem very similar. Something I learned though was that upon giving the s a closer look, questions are revealed. From the types of s used, to the location the  was built and so on. Being my "critical friend" I would say that I need to not only focus on the  but the location. I  my creativity could have been given a boost if I had chosen a location carefully. I also didn't consider the material. Not as in durability, strength, or weight but what questions might arise from anyone looking at my . For instance if I had built the  with only my children's s would someone look at my  and  I was a child, or wonder how many children I had. If I had built my  with only work boots would they imagine my life as physical and rough. I  in the end it wasn't the  that intrigued me as much as the questions that came from the . Great exercise. "Positive: Very nice!! your taste for s is very good and have a very colorful and nice . Also looks very solid in the middle using s up side down (as far as I can see ).Unique: Using only girl s s maka a clear and nice first immpression. The combination in colours is also very nice.Revision: I really cannot give any clue for revsiion. The combination of shapes,colours and consistancy is almost perfect for me. I would rate this work with a 9. Education: What I can learn about this work is a lot. First good taste in s :). Willing to do a nice an acuurrate job with all the resourses available.""First of all, since I used 5 pairs I should have divided by 10 which make the T=3.5.Second, I could have described the beautiful ness more specifically by utilizing the concept of ""summer"" I have used this time."It was unique to touch on all resourses to describe the beauty of the ."Positive: Nice try to do the best with few s. Nice you made many attempts and change original ideas.Unique: The combination of the white  with green sandals gave a bright and colorful point.Revision: I guess It could be nicer to use the two whte s and arrange all a little more in order to give a nicer first impression.Educaion: I learned from your work to make different attempts and not give stay with the same idea that doesent work at the beggining. "Hello, my name is Glenn. I am an American living in Japan. I would like to say that I enjoyed reading your reflection and looking at the pictures of your . I  your  is amazing. I had the same problems with my , s too soft and mismatch in shape left gaps. I  you found the best balance between stability (of material) and height. The last part of the review is Education. This is my favorite part of the evaluation, I  this is the most important part of the review. Not necessarily because of what I learned but because of the questions and curiosities that now circle my mind. I am curious as to where it was built, who you are as the architect, and so on. Thank you very much for sharing your project. I can really see that you put a lot of effort into building the . 2 hours is a lot of time and 19 s is a lot fo s to deal with. I  the way the  is designed is very unique, with all the s at the bottom pointing at different directions. It almost looks like an octopus or some sort of creature living under the sea. As you pointed out, I  color is a category that can be improved, while I realize how difficult that is, as there is a need to build the s with s that are available. Perhaps, if I were to reconstruct the  taking aesthetics into consideration, I would try to place all the darker s at the bottom and lighter s at the top. I learned that as the  gets larger, it can be more difficult to design it. When the focus becomes height, this might be inevitable. So I thought it might be good to sketch out how the  is going to look like before starting to build the , like trying to write an outline before trying to work on an essay.The number of attempt and the way they put the last slippers on top."Positive: I'm happy that at least after a few trials I managed to build a , not the most beautiful thoughUnique: a lot of s was usedRevision: maybe try to build the base in a different way.Education: comparing to other submission,I could have done it taller and more aesthetically...""Positive: Your  is very colourful and vibrant! The colours get more attention the the heightUnique: I  the order in which the  was build was very aesthetically too, starting from  an interesting pattern and no so vivid colour, linking with the red and patter of the second s and finally leading to the very colourful top one.Revision: Aesthetically is beautiful, but maybe you should have tried to use more s and make it tallerEducation: You managed quite well to make a strong and steady base for your .""Great! Its very nice and beautiful visually. And its also kind of cute and funny. The color of light blue looks much more beautiful among other dark colors. I feel stability in the construction. It seems that you are using races of the grey  to stabilize the basement. Good idea! How many attempts did you make? Were they open-ended challenges to explore creative options or slow, methodical approach to problem solving? In other words could you enjoy and felt comfortable with IFF approach? I made just a few attempts and satisfied at third trial. It helped me to find I prefer slow, methodical approach. I  it relates to my creative style. How about you?Hoping your journey will be wonderful.  ""Positive: Imagination. Since there is not specific constrains the only problem is in obtaining the resourses ( s).Gives frredom to create and make a lot of variations.Unique: It is imaginative and practical. It not only is a , but a marketing element.Revision: A diagram or something visual would improve the whole idea.Education: The sky is the limit. Basic instructions are not limitations. Think big at the beggining and in the executon go as far as you can.""Hello,classmate! I  you described your work well in detail and it sounds like well done. Unfortunately my imagination is not so good. I wish I could see 2 pictures you took. You got lots of things in just a few trials. I  your conclusions may be indicating your style of creativity. I hope you will find your own IFF level appropriate to your creativity style through enjoying this journey. I myself felt satisfaction with my  at the third try. I didnt feel I would like to attempt any more failures. I thought I only had little passion to creative something. But your submission reminded me of my feeling building my . I enjoyed the building process certainly. Now I feel my slow methodical approach may be not wrong or not to be corrected. But how to reconcile the conflict with IFF still needs careful consideration as you mentioned. Thank you for identifying the problem.And I also hope your arm will get well soon. Take care of yourself.  ""In my opinion the positive thing about this work is that student used Jacks IFF as he had a prototype stage and a testing stage and it worked as while experimenting he failed and he learned and finally he created his best result.The unique point of the work I  is that the student was making doodles actually he was sketching thus he had some prototypes in mind.I suggest student had to reason his work applying to topics of Week 1.I  doodling method is good to use at the beginning of any work as you sketch the very first ideas, thoughts, and images in your mind.""Positive:   light and simple and at the same time good T value. Unique: The building, experimented approach  first day the  was built, in several days another idea came based on the experiment gained. Altogether the best result achieved due to Jacks IFF.Suggestions:  Better planning, more trying, experimenting, sketchingI should plan better and for longer time as in that case I would have more prototypes, ides to use and thus more test would be made (Jack IFF). At the end the best result. I  doodling method is good to use at the beginning of any work as you sketch the very first ideas, thoughts, and images in your mind.""The positive side of the work is that the  is simply but at the same time the T value is high.Unique: Constructive decision making/problem solving as stable, simply, beautiful Show  was created, I , first of all due to good planning and the small adjustments were made while building.I suggest student had to reason his work applying to topics of Week 1.I should plan better and for longer time as in that case I would have more prototypes, ides to use and thus more test would be made (Jack IFF). At the end the best result. "With a limited number of s i can see you did a good job and made the  design visible. The mix of blue, purple and black makes a very good color mix  . I  that if you made a base with some flat s and the head with a pointy flip flop or sandals it would have been taller. It would have been good to hear detailed descriptions of the process you went through. Learnt that taking on a challenge evein with limited resources means that you are much into the work as the rest of us. "WOW. That looked like the work of an architect to me. I was at first confused with the word 'floor', but as I study your  more, I realised floor is the best description for it. It's a great ! And another thing I learnt from your  is that quadruple formation. I  I am a bit limited by the idea that 's go in pairs', so basically, all my attempts are quite symmetric, they are build in two's except on the top. However, as I look at your , I wondered, if it is necessary to use four s in one floor to be stable? because that is really bringing the T value down. Did you try to make it three instead of four in some of the layers? And also, I guess it is possible to add one light-weight  on top of your , it seems quite stable on top. if you have slippers, you can put two on top in the shape of reverse V, it will really help with the T value. The base of your  gave me a great inspiration, would it be possible to build a  in the shape of spiral stairs? That should be interesting. It is great how one idea can inspire another. Thank you for being here in this peer review program. "Wow, this is the tallest  i have seen so far.The shinny and beautiful s at the top makes the  look brighter. I  you should have taken a risk and tried different styles of placing s eg upside down and also mix colors a little bit so we don't have a lot of white in one place. The most important lesson is that working on the challenge despite not liking all s make one dedicated to the course and also that you should never run away from a challege and making the best out of what you have."P: I didn't know it was possible to have such a tall ! Well done!U: I thought it interesting that you used a  at a time (this is what I  you did) rather than a pair.R: I'd have loved to see a picture! E: I used 18 s and only had 54cm, but that's probably because I piled them in pairs. I guess I'll try harder next time."The trial was good. You did not give up despite the  falling many times, that calls for persistent."P: Oooh mami! Beautiful top pair. I don't know how that's part of the coursework, though, LOL.U: I  it's brilliant that you flipped a pair upside down to make it flat.R: I  you might have added one more pair to make your  taller.E: I've learnt that I've greatly undervalued myself. My  was taller and more colourful yet I gave myself a dismal grade :(""I like the way you tie the laces on top, I myself never consider the laces, because I was limited by the instructions that we should not use ropes, tapes etc. but I forgot laces are originally part of s. I also admire the bright colours on top, they look great! By the way, I envy the variety of s you have. ^_^ I noticed that there are a few s that does not seem to have the 'support' function, and I  it is okay for them to be removed to increase your T value. Unless, of course, you put them there for the decoration factor. (for example, the black  inside the  on the left side and the cream one next to it.) I  after you build your , you can try to play Jenga with it. Should be fun. I noticed that you seem to have use only one  in many pairs of s. when I was building my , it did not occur to me that we don't have to use s in their pairs. That really show me how limited I was by my ideas. The Jenga idea was inspired by the way you have constructed your . My own  was very simple, so that idea never came up. It is really fun to realise what other's can inspire. Everyone has his or her own way of creativity, and when we put our heads together, we are much more creative than when we are alone. I once heard someone said that, when you and me and him/her come together with our own idea, we don't have 3 ideas, we have nine. (my idea, your idea, his idea, my version of your idea, my version of his idea and so on).""I like the way the slippers were arranged. It is a kind of 'out-of-the-box' idea, because I never stack my slippers that way. By the way, most people use a great variety of s to make the  artistic, I  using regular patterns repeatedly is another kind of art. My suggestion to myself is that, I should try to balance the art and height and T value factor. In my attempts, I seem to tackle these three factors separately and did not create a single  that satisfy the three aspects of the . From reviewing other people's work and then my own work, I get several ideas of 'I could try this way...' The peer review system is indeed very educational and inspiring. "The  looks beautiful. It was a good trial. I am sure like me, you learnt that with persistence one can come up with new way of accomplishing something."The  looks very beautiful. There was a mixture of colours and the  looks very firm. I found the background very interesting it makes the picture more bright and artistic :-). Also the fact that you did not use tall s/boots was a good choice. I  you should have tried more odd pairs between layers and different types(maybe some heels in between.Learnt that you don't have to find an easy way by looking for tall s and the way you choose to give your feedback through floors was creative and i could visualize the process as i read it. I would give you an 8.""Your  was my original idea which didn't work for me!!! You make it happened!!!!!!!And from your , I see my problem. I kept ing I want to make the sole of ""bottom""  and the sole of ""third from bottom""  level with the floor (in my mind, they should make three parallel lines). But when they are level, they are not stable. So it did not work so well for me. I just changed tactic. Looking at your , I realised that they don't have to be level to be stable. Funny how our work is limited by our mind. Now, here is a problem you created for me... I can't  of an improved version, unless I try to be picky with the lack of variety of s. I am really curious what kind of  you will create with your wife's  collection? When I was building my own , I feel that I don't have a lot of resources, but seeing your , I see that, you can build a tall  with very few s and still get a high T value. "I  it was interesting to have two approaches - with all s and only boots.    was built without considering how it looks, notwithstanding the final appearance is colourful and could be considered beautiful. In my opinion, it is important to note that the construction stands on a relatively small surface. Well balanced!"I peroformed creativity mostly in the attempts 2 and 4, where I tried to find the right structure, other attempts was more  improving balance.  I rate my creativity at 6. To reach a 10, I should spend more time finding something better than I did.  ""Unfortunately, I can not make peer assessement because given link did not work. http://photo.weibo.com/2965136241/albums/detail/album_id/3733102202593672#!/mode/1/page/1 But it could be interesting  Eiffel . :)"I  that a colleague has the abilities of an engineer constructor. Sorted s in the T structure gives an accurate look. In the beauty scale I would assess 8 points. Well done!"good , It looks like the empire state with s ;), heavy s on the bottom and light ones on the topI found it, steady with its square base.May be doing more s help you to find a more extraordinary one, I've learned that even with one attempt with no fail, we can provide a decent ! As a feedback provider I found that I need to be objective not polite so that I can accept everything nor rude to criticize hardly.. Objectivity in judgment is crucial...""all the submitted s are good, the first one is the steadiest yet the last one is the more beautiful.the number of trial and errors and how dedicated I was, I build 4 prototypes and each one is more enhancedstill the use of more color s will add a beauty value to my I learned that if we criticize our work we will not be afraid how many times we fail because at the end when we succeed we will forget all the pain. as a feedback provider the most critical issue id to be objective.""interesting feminine ! the base seems strongThe use of boots is a clever idea to build a high , with boots no need for more s.you still can make a strong base using less sI learned that the highest is not necessarily the most beautiful, and people do  differently.  As a feedback provider i need to be objective and try to find the creativity in each submitted for evaluation ."I love the colors of this . All colors does match in. It is like lighthouse in the night. It does look good. I would give my self 8-9."I would say, this is a strong work. You definitely completed the requirement for height! The foundation made out of the heavier boots was an interesting idea which also takes this  closer to the real architectural buildings :)If I were you, I would  how I could improve the appearance of the . As you admitted by yourself, it's not the strongest part of it. What I could learn from you, is the idea of building a foundation first and then adding details. I was building mine in a completely different way."The strength is the balance. It is a wild construction which lets to build  tall but it may fall and fall if wrong wind is blowing :) I would say that is unique construction with the "windows" from my long s. But looking at others ideas for  s I would see some areas for improving my creativity. Ideas which I have not thought about - use more stable s and build using only one , not 2 like in my  (see that is working for others), or trying upside down , etc. After doing evaluations for others, I would say that my creativity was probably 5 not 7, I spend not much time for this exercise but in that time frame I did not pushed myself enough to use less logic and physics than creativity.Hi,  I like your . It is very simply but nice. I like the colors, in the bottom and top black, in the middle - white ones. I  you could do and better one of that s, better shape.n I would give for you an 6 grade.You choose simplest way to make s , it looks nice, but next time try to make it more interesting and creative."This   is happy family , which have structure a big like a tree and is very colorful. It looks like very stable construction. Interesting and creative is that the  was build using different layers from different s with unique purposes, like tennis s than flat s, etc.As I mentioned already the structure seems to be very stable, but the  is not very tall and probably with more creative ideas or spending more time for this exercise it can be build taller or with less s. I would have a bit of questions about the mark for creativity, since the author of that   agrees that is more like a quick job with only 3 attempts, than being more creative and pushing myself to generate unique ideas and just try and try :)All in all, looking at this work gave me some ideas how to build my own show  using concept adding smaller s in the mouth of the bigger s to create walls or grounds for next level."Try to joy simple things and next time this type of exercises will bring you happiness."As I see high heels built a stable ground for a colorful . What I have found interesting is that the ground is from high heels not sport s and it works just fine. It seams to be stable enough to try make it taller, do not know was that tried or not. 6 attempts were done so the idea of pushing myself to try better and not give up worked there.All in all, I would say that is good  , but probably some more time or a bit ing out of box for this exercise would help to built that more taller or more unique." is very nice. I like color of the s, and for you  it gives more colors. I like on the top nice s, it feels like advertising for nike's company. Because it shows that with nike boots you can cross the hill. It was the first  in my mind when I saw this . I am missing a bit for the top . It could be nicer if you were put one  on the top (maybe thouse cute slippers). But I do like it. And my grade for you would be 8-9. :)"To my mind, that was an outstanding  of s. Not only did you manage to build it high enough (about 1m), but also used the s as another structure. So, basically there were 2 structures - one was the very  and the other was the segment made of 3 s. When I looked through your work, I only thought: wow, this is what I could learn from this.It's interesting that you used the same sort of s. Shape, material, even the color were very similar. However, it wasn't a minus, it helped the  a lot. Suggestions? Well, if I were you, I would: a) try to find some more s (why not to borrow several from your neighbors and see how high the  can be?) and b) would give the pictures and descriptions written in English, not in Chinese (guess, it's Chinese?). If the reader who doesn't understand a symbol of handzi could read the description, maybe he could learn more from you!All in all: great job! Aesthetically, efficiently and promptly completed task :)"I imanage that your  was very nice, still missing for a picture. I like the colors that you used. Its nice. As I imanage i could give grade 7.Hi, i really miss for a picture of your . I have red what your wrote and I  that your  would look very nice, because no one can make an ugly one. Everyone are creative in their ways.  It is very hard to give you a grade but it should be 5. Next time I should try more different ways. Not biggest things are the best."Good work with defining you goals and reaching those! That is very nice , which has structure, colors and is tall too! I see that T value is not calculated, so it should be 102/31=3.29.I  with the number of used s it would be possible to built taller , but as it is mentioned in the description, being proud of yourself it is the most important goal."Hi. I am missing for a picture. As I have red your  was really really nice, I would like to see it. "Importance of failure to success!, the best ing which I also noticed doing my  . Very nice and probably stable construction.I would say that this is a beautiful   and that the rate of 4 is too small. With creativity rate... Maybe best ideas are coming not as fast as we would like them to come, but trying to , trying not to give up is the key of creativity and innovation. I would suggest trying more ideas which may look even ridiculous, using less s, some strange structure, etc. to build taller .All in all, this  is good example of tall and stable structure. "I like the way your daughter and you stacked the  pyramid, you must have had a great time with her. You may try to build it ( use s to make pillar ) instead of stacking it so that you can get a higher T value. Overall, well done. Please send your daughter my regards."Nice minimalist.I  this might be the shortest   that give the greatest T-factor.Still, a photo worth a thousand word. It is really difficult to imagine what kind/style of the s use.When simplicity went too far (without a photo or visualize model) , it is really difficult to assess the outcome. "Sorry, not too clear but still classy design. Nice piece of work, simple, elegant and standing tall............Good solid, structure. Good to know you had put yourself in an engineer's s.....just some colour would have been great........I wish I had put my mind to ing.Good job!!! Nice piece of work, innovative and good to see color being added at the top. Simple and elegant. I have learnt to do this kind of work now. Mine was simple, not much thoughts"Nice blend of color. Seems interesting using high heel as the foundation, it looks like a standout pillar of a building. Personal preference, I like see shorter ""symmetrical structure"" than a taller mix-match  . I learn that wide variety of s has its pros and cons.  For pros, it allow more artistic added to the  , different ""construction material"" that give more possibilities (e.g., a sneaker toe cap insert into the  add the height). For cons, different shapes, style are challenging as one must learn how to use the material for construction, i.e. whether to use the high heel for foundation or a heavy sneaky or boot as the foundation."Very simple but definitely very colourful. I guess not easy to pile on each other like that as chances of falling is great. Maybe could have used a firmer foundation at the bottom to hold other s on the top. I like using the different colors. Good, beautiful   I must say. Impressive and innovative. I would give it a 9I did a very good thing that I built the  with a high T value by using only s and no  laces. I really like the triangle concept I have applied on the   as it gave stability with lesser s. I would still build my   in the same way with little modification if I am asked to rebuild.Very well done, and so impressive. It is a pretty sight.Very innovative and colourful. One of the best I have seen....great work and great learning for me too.........Wow, This is  a new approach for building a show . Are you among those of out of box ers? However it is more similar to slipper  !:) ,  It was better if you have uploaded your first attempt picture as well and I am quiet curious to know how much time have you spend on making this  and how many times your  collapsed.. Cool, is the word that comes to my mind for this structure. Colourful, simple and nice work.......good work. I wish I had thought of it like this. I wish I had thought more before doing my structure.It is an impressive and a robust  with solid s as the foundation. You might also be a tough person, professional and a great ing person. You have put in alot of thoughts before the formation. It a good creation. But I  a little touch of softness would have been good too. Showing the soft side of you, and a little colour added to it. In life we need hardness as well as softness to experience the maximum in life............Good work, keep it up........Very simple work. Could have put more s to build a higher one. More s would have been good.....Sorry no image at all.......pity I cant see it and comment...........be more careful next time.I like the idea of uploading the picture of different attempts. So the progress you have followed can be seen. Also, the fact that you went to a shop and ask for their help was a brave . Your   is beautiful indeed, however you could have tried to build it using less number of s to increase your T value. Also, I am sure you could make a better prototypes if you had spent more than 20 minuets. Your description is clear and I can imagine what kind of   you have done. You did a very good job in attempting the stability and height of . To get a higher T value, you may try to build ( make some pillar by s ) instead of stacking them. Overall, well done! Keep up your good work."Spend some effort and learn something about s , the shapes and construction, that never though about. Constructing a visual model, perhaps few people doing it early of the course?Nevertheless, the model construction focus on specific material to make things easier.  Adding different style of s will make the  more artistic. Draw a visual model save time on trial and error, except the real stuff may need more testing method to make sure the model stand in real life. It also overcome problem of limited material (i.e., having same s to building the ), but it also limit the artistic outcome and possible construction addon,"Neat work but could have been more innovative. Should have put in more ing and plans as to how to do better. Definitely next time I will do much better at other things. Analyse, , plan and execute....Great and impressive . Innovative. Just that  more color would have brighten it up. I would give it a 9........looks risky and yet stands tall, especially with the horizontal  in the centre..........I feel evaluating this structure, has given me more ideas to be innovative. Very simple and very innovatively done. Impressive. Thanks for showing me this....now I know various ways to do a  (any). The way your family and you built the   is really impressive. I try to build a straight  like yours but I failed. I would rate its appearance as 9 as the shape is really amazing. I would have learnt from you using  laces to build a straight . Overall, well done! Thank you for creating such a beautiful ."The  seems to be built after much consideration into its stability and efficiency of s-to-height. The sloping top also gives it a bit of that modern-architecture feel, so I wouldn't be too depressed about lack of colour for visual appeal. The different attempts you experimented with is definitely a plus point for your project. For those s that you've used to build the base, it appears stable, but since s come in a naturally triangular shape (higher towards the heel end, sloping towards the toes) if you had placed one  upside down on top of the other, could it not have made a firmer rectangular base for the next set? I cannot say for sure as I haven't experimented with your s, but something to try if there is ever a next time, perhaps.Here, I learned that despite the capacity to add something to a project, in need not be done, and sacrifices must be made in order to ensure a well-made final product. Thanks!   "i took multiple attempts, trying to incorporate all the s I had into one structure. Its carefully balanced but still held together relatively well. Its got some aesthetic good point, like the squares and triangle, but I really could have worked a little on those laces, and the visual appeal of it all. I  I learned from judging my own work that it feels different to look and judge my own work, and it grants a new perspective. "Your  is sound, and stable, looks to have been done well in terms of aesthetics and structure. The pink little  at the top is cute addition! really tops it off as a 'cherry on the cake'. The variety of s is also interesting, and makes for a lot of different angles. However, do you  you could have reduced the number of s and still gotten the same height? The s on the bottom there look overly packed, maybe you could have done the same with a better configuration. After all, the presence of the T value indicates we were to focus on efficiency as well as height. I felt I've learned that I should be more encompassing in my own projects, and focus on getting a well rounded result (I focused more on height than structural stability or visual appeal.) "Hi, nice work with the  of 100 cm with only 8 s. I  it was clever to stack that way the s, makes sense to put the boots as base. It would have been nice to see a picture of the  and it could have served to give a better feedback. Maybe for the next time you can be more expressive about your creative process. Well done ! "You really did a good job!  First you read as much as you could in order to get the knowledge.  Then, you imagine your  and made a plan.  You worked very hard to reach your goal.  Beautiful, simple, and tall.  During the process you discovered how different s can be used for diverse purposes. [I   makers, and designers imagine the use of the s and then they play with the designs.] I find very interesting how you narrate your experience.  Very fresh, nice and enjoyable.For revision, just take a look of the different s in the discussion forums. I noticed how the brief description of each  matches what the purpose of the builder was.  For ones were colorful, balance, or height. For others, the structure, number of s,  and so on.  You tried a combination.  Great effort!I  that when we give feedback, we inmmediately compare our activities and how hard we did. Our Professors put emphases in our interactions and reflections.  Knowledge and skills are excellent but how are we using them?  "That was actually a very creative solution to obtain a high T number well done "Your sincerity, creativity and objectivity in the arrangement of s as well as your writing was good, you could you put more s as a basis for improving the height of the  and to give a little more image, I found it interesting how you were you accommodating your s to achieve the height of the  and get a good result in the formula T.I learned to appreciate the effort and creativity of others and that despite the mistakes, kept trying."Very well. Congratulations. You found different ways to join and stack s."I liked the idea of using the winter s, it gave you the possibility of achieve the ""height request"" and with few s. I found interesting you carefully thought about the options, and the attempts that tells me you  before talk and also built.  I would take a little bit more of risks, more colors... maybe the skis!! Definitely you got a good T score and it would be super cool if you would added a bit of 'differentiation'. It was a really good exercise, I have seen how planning is vital but also trying... during the path you were adapting and that is the main idea: be open while walking to enhancing the road  ;) ""I really like how you combined the colors of the s and I  it has a good size considering that your main goal was the aesthetic.I find interesting that you thought in the base since the begging I had too many problems with my  and after some revisions I knew it was falling and falling because I didnt have a strong base.I suggest that you take in consideration all the important aspects of the project, like the size.I learned from this feedback that people have different goals when doing a project in my case my goal was to have the best T value that could.""I really like the color combination and after evaluating my classmates I  I have a very strong T value that was my main objective.I find interesting that I was desperate ing that I am not a creative person and that I was not going to do it well, but now that I see it I really like it.I suggest for the next time to take in consideration doing an analysis in the beginning to find out what is important. In this case it was important to have a strong base and the weight distribution but I realize it after some revisions.I learned from this assignment that Im creative and that Its better to make a plan at the start than doing lots of revisions.""P) The exercise was successfully completed due to the failure-proof approach.U) Taking on account planning and execution, final result was quite satisfactory.R) Even though the  was tall and beauty enough, I am aware that more failure-proof would improve the process.E) I learned that, it is frequent that even though we started any creative process with high expectations such as, to build a creative  which is out of the ordinary, in the process of confronting ideas with actual facts, we generally lower the bet.""POSITIVE1.	To use your cat was crazy but everything is possible  and you took the risk UNIQUEDefinitely ... the cat!REVISIONYou really make me pay attention, the description needs more details.You created a  but many elements were no allowed use ""... No other materials are allowed besides s (i.e., no string, tape, glue, etc.)"".I suggest using the brain-storming-stage in order to let yourself flow all possibilitiesEDUCATION1. This exercise let me review my own creative process and look the diversity of having ideas.2. To watch without prejudice just appreciate colors, smell, feelings, geometry, and so on to create wonderful experience and ideas.""Dear classmate,I really like the fact that you included s from other members of the family and that due to this, it was colorful. You took the safe path and gave your  aesthetics and stability, good job! You're right, maybe doing it more times would have given you the chance to improve it and perhaps making it taller. I'm glad you were able to involve other people to assess your .Well done!""It was confusing check the  and that the instructions just said you to put the final picture of the , no attempts, but I will draw the  16 s and 60 cm you explained in the question, it's a nice design as well as a good arrangement of s, I liked the color scheme, I found interesting the order in which you were putting to reach that point, it was a good job, if a little confusing. In this review I learned one more way to have creativity and ingenuity when it comes to do a job.""Well I  my  was good because I tried to use the less s as I could so my T vaue was lower, however I couldn't get a very high  which was one of the objectives. I wish I had arrange them in a more estetic way so it were more colorful!I learned I can arrange in many ways the s and I should clean more often my s""After comparing other s I  I did a good job.  I did some insights and readings before the first attempt and I consider my  is nice.I explained about the shape of the  and the kind of structure based on a local tree.I  I should include other colors and increase the number of attemps in order to improve in beauty and height.Knowledge and imagination  is not enough, we need practice to innovate and possible change.""Hello.The base of your  is really strong i can see that you struggle with a base capable of holding the weight of the s, the earthly colors is an interesting set and combine in the light, next time try a little harder with the light before you take your picture.  Even with the difficulties with the size and shape of the s i thing it was a very interesting work a little tight in middle but it required quite some time to reach that high.I would recommend that next time try to use your free space, search for balance with a little less material, see thee  as a whole, the majority of the shapes, forms and sizes will give you a  hard time to build but if you take time and carefully seek for it you can reach higher.Balance in our life is important, the majority of times we try to be successful so fast that we forget to use all our resources, that means materials, connections, vision of the world, creativity, we can fail, we may fail, but when we fall we can find solutions, we are meant to become a better person everyday, this is what i learned, time can give us a different perspective, our passion our motivation can give us the insight view needed to overcome everything.""I loved the meaning you gave to the , and using the Eiffel  as reference would have never ocurred to me. Congratulations! I liked the aspect of a solid foundation or pillars and investing time in editing the picture with comments. I suggest that you try again to build another , but now focus on increasing the T value. Remember that in creativity there are no perfect answers, but we have to give a lot of options. I understand sometimes it can be difficult to separate our creations from our feelings and experiences, but if you can imagine how someone else's point of view is, maybe you can discover other opportunities.I learned what a fractal design is, I will never forget "" of s"" as a reference. I also graded my  with a nine, for the same reason as you. Glad to learn I am not alone :)"Wow!!!  I really like it and looks really well.I wonder the secret to put so many s together without falling off. Pisa is really good inspiratio and your  is similar. You say tha you didnt try more times and I ask yoy why not? Imagine how well can you do it."Positive: The structure is very strong and the  was neatly built.Unique: The fact that some decorations where inserted (the heels) is very pretty and different.Revision: I would avoid putting heavy looking s at the top of the , due to the fact that it weighs it down and might unbalance it a little.Education: I had ideas as to how i could make mine better, or even so different.""Hello!! I  you did a good job analizing all of your possibilities and trying different structures. I  your pyramid structure is stable and looks cute.I  it is interesting your last comment that the taller you want to make your , the more s you will need, and the smaller the T value will be. I  that is the challenge of construction engineers right now, construct taller buildings with less material. I  it  was good, but you could improve height by trying to mantain the same width of the base in the top. The more you make a structure pyramid, the less you will have of opportunity to grow in height. What I take from this submission is that although you didn't have s to choose from (as you said), you looked for all the possible ways to structure your . Many times in life you don't have all the necessary resources, but you have to make the best use of them possible."I tried my best to reach the higher structure that i could build, i worked my patience and found that the root of the failures were in the position of the support plate and the number of s to balance the structure, i wanted to try something really different but i understood that sometimes to be creative you have to work first with what you know and then create a derivation of your thoughts, of course my work needs a little more shape and artistic value, we can learn from our failures if we give us a chance to understand our own mistakes and then work on them."I liked that you used boots and s, I also did that for my . When you used the boots and high heel s to create a support for the beige-colored boots, I was surprised! Great idea!You rate yourself with a 6 in both beaty and creativity. I consider you are being too harsh on yourself. From your  and comments I learn that I sometimes I am also tough on myself, and maybe there is no need to."Now I've seen the work of other students, I  I made a great job. My  looks great and I was very descriptive on my process. That made me realize I  too much sometimes and that could limit my work or expand it; it depends. I would rate myself higher, my  with 7 and myself with 8. "Dear classmate, I really liked your  as you say it may not be very attractive but it looks stable and it is very original. It is also creative and shows dedication. Well done!""POSITIVE1. A the brain-storming-stage is a wonderful tool in order to let yourself flow all possibilities.2. You dont give up! Try and try was your amazing knowledge to have a good prototype. Not always the greatest ideas have the beauty at the first attempts.3. To watch the characteristics of your s having a clear idea about your prototype let you approve advantages and disadvantage   great!UNIQUEThe description is funny and detailed, I can see a Chinese  because the yellow s really are like Chinese dragons.REVISIONI suggest having more attempts to get the tallest  ( using high heels).I  ordering the first one line too long and high heels together with the others could give you more support, the weight is distributed through the line in every level, get more s!!!!!! :)EDUCATION1. This exercise let me review my own creative process and look the diversity of having ideas.2. To watch without prejudice just appreciate colors, smell, feelings, geometry, and so on to create wonderful experience and ideas."You are structured, hard working and gritty. Don't be so hard on yourself. It is ok to listen to other people's opinion, to grow from it.  If you did not  the  was a 10, why didn't you return to make it the perfect structure you had dreamt?  We cannot always use the ideal prime materials but we can try to do our best with what we have. Everone struggles but some do not give up .. those are the ones that succeed!"Hi there: I  you left your  well, but lacked a bit of stability because I  you should have put down flat s, but it looks good overall I  that if you used your creativity to do it. I  it was fun and we learned a lot doing the ."After a week I still  that my  looks attractive and stable. It could be better if I had taken more time to do it but what I've realized is that I would never feel 100% satisfied because I know that anything can always be improved. After checking the submissions of some of my classmates, I feel I should have shared my  with people to have different points of view and not only mine. Depending on myself alone may be limiting. I'll consider this in future work. The positive thing is that I did my homework and reached the goal. Definitvely mi  is not unique even when is high. I suggest try more times as many as I can to to it better. That I learned is that intent really worthCongratulations for the photo, looks very good and I could say it's a beautiful . You prioritized beauty over height and if that was your main goal, you accomplished it. It would have been nice to read more about your creative process doing this exercise. And also I  you could have tried harder to make it taller. Anyway, well done, beautiful and simple. Good job! It was good that I kept on trying different approaches. I  the stability of the structure was good. It was challenging to make each floor to end with a semi flat surface but I got it. I could've probably done as good or sligthly better with less s using a different approach, but it was a solid result. I  that sharing your results helps you to learn a lot about yourself. I learned that I need to risk a little bit more while trying to do stuff.I did really like your show , I  it was a very bright idea to use heavy s first. And that wide base was good. The only "but" I find is that you use tons of s (I wish I had so many!) Anyway I liked your idea."I find this proposal very honest.  Not a big deal.  Student just didnt felt too involved in the assignment.  We cant tell why, but its fine.  The  is just a pile.  Now, can it behold beauty in it?  We all know the answer is yes.  My sugestion: Make it more difficult, then youll find it more challenging.  specialy when things appear to be obvious.  Feedback for me: I would say that its good (not because of comparing) to see that my approach and enthusiasm wasnt held in my creative try.  Saw the idea and made it come to a real image. "Before nothing was ver y reluctant to elaborate the exercise didn't seem relevant ti do so bit perhaps by lenguaje or perhaps lack of knowledge of the matter . But once I started  doing  the exercise I went aware of the importante of applying the course tpics . For  me it was more interesting try to evaluate other peers with this I can to see the different   style creative. the other . I suggest give us more clarity   to  find in your  page web the paths of the exercise .I had  troubles with your aplicatin   cmara i can't turn the focus  from behind to front. In any way the creative  style is  very clear  is independent  of creative level. Congratulations for your  maybe the highest of the course. Your creative level (knowledge, inteligence, skills) is Deep. Behind of structure means much efford and skills. I  that your own evaluatin is under of your capabities. You find opportunities in any challenge but  I learned of you that produce any thing with value needs effort and experiment to reach growth . "Positive: Enthusiasm, planning, I had a general aesthetic intention before I started.  It turned out pretty close to what Ive imagined.From wider and solid base, to a smaller section of the .  Maybe just like a building.  s turned out to be difficult pieces (It wasnt LEGO), so trial and error was there all the time.  Perseverance had to be involved too.  I learned (again) that you can ALWAYS do something with nothing.  Im gonna print and frame my   pop art collage and hang it in my office!""I really liked the simple assembly approach and how different s where used on the right spot, as lighter materials went on top, as well as the balancing.What I see this  stand apart is the high T value.I would have liked to see something not so straight forward.I have learned that with few material you can do a lot of things. ""Positive: Your  was the best I've seen (although my father might take offense). You really aced this exercise, it was simple yet beautiful. (Totally undeserving of that 8, you deserve a 10!)Unique: A lot of people (myself included) stacked the s on top of the other, using a squared base. As for yours, its really simple yet beautiful, you managed to use few s and yet still make it creative.Revision: I would try and be a ""critical friend"" but fortunately (for you) i cant find anything to change or suggest. Its 10 times better than my own!Education: I feel like i found a different approach to this project, and i hope it helps me see through other perspectives in other lessons. Congratulations!"Excellent work, a solid structure that is hardly fall, very interesting how to accommodate the base, a very colorful work; Cretivo interesting effort but could have gone a little higher because the base is very firm. Good job."unique, the color palette is very homogeneous and shows originality by putting on top a different color, plus it has a very interesting architecture (I display a M) maybe it's like a bat signal. I really liked the design and how the fragile base is resolved.""I  that you are ver y  creative take into account all your enviroment (shape,size, color,weigth,heigh) but your objective it was probably reduced the tall of  is not ver y height. Maybe the structure of the  could be more narrow. If I place goals higher reach we can give exploite  our faculte. However I learned of you give what means creativo divergente.  Thanks you by your effort. "I like that they did it the architecture of the  like a puzzle, it does not seem fragile at its base because it has the same number of s number confroman the height of the ."Your planning was well done. Trying to build it with your s and then changing to better looking, more fashionable s was a good idea. I like how you made it look like the Christmas trees one sees on movies, with glittering s and colors, it would look nice in a department store at Christmas time.If you were not very happy  with your , you might have tried rearranging it until you felt happy with it.I learnt that everyone struggles with a task like this one. We all felt unsure of our work because we didn't know what others would  of it."Now that I have seen other submisin I  I could make a better  with a different structure to make it taller and that the type of  you use makes a great difference "Dear classmate,Your  is really tall and colorful! I  it is creative in the sense that the s seem to be placed strategically to find the balance they need to remain stable. You are being a bit hard on yourself, maybe a 7 would be a better grade on creativity. Well done!"You followed all the instructions, answered to all questions given and your  looks really nice in all three shots. I noticed the T formula was higher in the first one and that you might have sacrificed height for balance and beauty. what i found more interesting is that you tried to make changes in order to find balance and you finally got that balance but you also got a high result (T formula) and beauty. What i learned from your reflection is that the less s the higher the T formula, i was really confused with this, i used 208 s 1.50 cm an had the lowest t formula result ever. It's a nice job to be able to provide some feedback to our peers."P) P) The exercise was successfully completed.U) Using boots as foundation was a good idea making a higher  rate.R) Boots foundation helped with  high but not with aesthetic. The  is not beautiful.E) I learned that, it is frequent that even though we started any creative process with high expectations, in the process of confronting ideas with actual facts, we generally lower the bet."I really liked this  . I thought it was really genius to put rain boots at the bottom for height. The balance was spot on; how you managed to put one  on top of the other like that beats me. I now know different ways to make  s. "Hello! I like people that are perseverant, and I  7 tries to construct a  is a good perseverant number. I  you did a great job using the s, your T value is high. I find interesting the structure you made, first with the boots, then the flats and then the high-heels. I can't imagine how you made your  to stand up with the high-heels in the top. I tried to use this kinds of s several times and they fell to the ground. So I  you are creative in the way you used them.I  you could have made a taller  if your base was a little thicker (maybe trying to use more boots in the bottom? or flats?). This way your  will be more stable and support your other s.I learned that it is possible to use high-heels for the . I wasn't creative in the way I used them so that I can have less s for a taller . Thanks for sharing your lovely  with me! ""Interesting form.  Goes from big chunky male s to delicate and skinny female ones.  Structure is intersting, cause it is conceived as a basement or foundation.  That is clear and I  it is effective in communicating the process.  The texture of the image is also interesting in itself.  Beyond the s.  Kind of old.  You can sense consistency between the image and the material.  That doesnt happen always.  As a suggestion, I would definately try the   with another background.  It would make it clearer and easier to appreciate. Its easy to learn something out of exercises like this.  In my particular case, I  I learned (again, cause its sometingwe know) that you can always come up with something smart no matter which tools you have to work with.  There is always space  for givivng and taking.  ""Hello.I am very glad to know that even you could not upload a picture thou actually wrote about it,, it is really impressive to achieve 1 meter with 15 s, i am very glad to know that you have the passion and determination to overcome the discouraged phase, I don't know which was your goal but 1 meter is early great, also, you used your resources as bets as your could that is really interesting, a creative person can overcome such situations with cunning passion and determination also with a reflexive and critical mind to understand the root of the failures.""Hello, I found your  with a lot of shapes and colors, that is great... you didn't built something common!  The fact that you didn't build a  in a ""pyramid way"" using several ways to store the s that was your touch of uniqueness.  Eventhough it was a good exercise, I would add some ""visual order"" I found it a little bit messy, what Ive learned in my work-path it is that sometimes creativity might be seen as dispersion when it is not well executed it.   Use this sensitivity about new ways of building and my advice would be to add it a little bit more of organization. Congrats!""I liked to idea of placing a tall boot at the top, a concept copied from the tallest buildings: They place a huge antenna to break the height record, instead of more concrete.Reaching a T value of 11 was unbelievable! Never though it could be possible, but I did it!I could have practiced more, made more trials, try different structures, but did not want to. Need to analyze internally why.Learned that there are a lot of psychological inertia in me, and need to find a way to break it when it appears and stops me from trying and failing.""Your  seems to bee really stable. I really like the height you achieved, on the forums I did not see s this high so congratulations on that.I  you could have improved your T value with some minor changes on the structure at the very top, where you don't really require the  to be that sturdy.What I learned from your  is how you can create a pattern that can be replicated at all heights and still hold as a strong structure. Again, that really is a tall .Thanks for your submission."I really  that the way that you constructed your  is creative. I liked the design because it has a good looking symmetry in it and also it has a high ratio of height/number of s. Something that I find interesting is the way the structure holds itsel up because I am a civil engineer and I have a tendency of always looking at this. I  that something that I might have changed is finding a way to make it a little taller and using more s, maybe by using the  laces to make it more rigid you could have done this I  that something that is also very creative is the foto, because it's taken with a beutiful background.I'm impressed with your design! The L shape is definitely a winner in this exercise. As far as I've seen the stuffing s are something really unique. I don't know if you tried it, but maybe a wider base could get you higher. Now I know how to build a proper  , so thanks for that.I  you did your  well. The structure is good. Though i did not take into consideration the first 2 pictures seeing as the assignment was only with s and no accessories around it or helping the  to stay put. I  you did a great job and it looks very firm and stable. Good job "Ok. I like your !! It is completely different from the one we made and that surprised me happily. Ending up with two completely different structures starting with the same goal in mind.I found very interesting differences: The first one is that the overall style of design is very different. You fundamentally used a ""one line of s"" ides to gain height, and gave support with an additional pair to hold it in vertical position.The second fundamental difference is that the overall goal somehow seemed not necessarily to be ""as tall as possible""... I do not feel (but I might be totally mistaken, please do not take it like a negative criticism because it is not) you started with the idea of building the highest possible ... 35 cm seems to me the height of a school ruler, and that is not high at all!!! At the same time, I find your design is very original and far more beautiful than the one we made (we got a  2.18 m heigh, with many layers of ""lego type"" units built from 4 s each). Now, my first surprise was to read that you went around asking for s from your friends!!! It means that you do not have 4 pairs of s of your own... And that strikes me as a great surprise; I really wish to know more about the way you live, because even though we are not a particularly wealthy family, we have several pairs of s each!!! And since you have access to a computer and to internet, I am quite sure you are not ""poor"", therefore the fact that you do not have 4 pairs of s means that there is a cultural concept which I would love to be aware of. I believe we (urban people in american continent, but from a latin american country) are far too influenced by the consumerist culture from the US, where people are valued by their possessions.  Thanks so much for teaching me this possibly fundamental difference in life-concept.""P) The exercise was successfully completed due to the failure-proof approach.U) Taking on account the consideration expressed by the performer focused on building taller  in the shortest period of time, final result was quite satisfactory.R) Nevertheless, in my view point there is not enough aesthetic approach in the , not only because it is too flat, but because it is surrounded by many other things, such as books making the final picture view a little bit claustrophobic. E) I learned that, it is frequent that even though we start any creative process with high expectations such as, to build a creative  which is out of the ordinary, in the process of confronting the idea with actual facts, we generally lower the bet."Great job! I like that your structure is simple but really effective. I love that the exercise helped you come up with new ideas for activities to use with your students. Did you try to add more s to your structure? and did you aimed for a specific goal while doing the exercise? I saw other people's pictures on the discussion forum and most of us used a ton of s and couldn't get a T value as high as yours, so congratulations. Have a nice day!"First of all you built your  of s no matter how tall of how beautiful.  Then you kept trying many times and in different ways to reach your goal.I  that you understimate your creativity. How do you know?  You haven't compare your , your structure, your ideas, your insights. Because at the beginning seems an activity for children. But in fact the purpose is to start our creativity engine. Don't you  so?Take your time and  seriously about what you do. I  we can learn a lot from our professors, and from each other. In my opinion, this activity is like a spark for the fuel inside us.   We need to trust in our skills, knowledge and imagination.  I began to  in different possibilities of doing the task. After the first intent, I discover different s, different properties, different structures.  "It seems to me you are a very well structured person, you plan first then execute and when faced with setbacks you replan and charge forward! I see from the  that details are important, those red s on top remind me of a cheery on top of a chocolate sunday. No one can stop you. My only advice would be to try a little harder, like you said... you could have done a better job if you had tried more times to reach your goal, Why didn't you? I have learned from this exercise that we are the only obstacles on our way to success. When we really want something we can do it, if we are willing to work for it."One of the strengths I see is that the  was set and that it did not collapse but after the photo was taken, so it means that the author did gain certain stability. The second strength is a unique aspect the author employs as he/she hooks the sandals at the top and uses a pair of s to do it. I  that the instability is due a blue boot. This should be put above or on its side so the  could be more stable.I  that the  shows me an impulse of going high. "The positive thing is that you reached the goal and tried several tiemes until got it. Your inspiration is unique, ing about eiffel toer. I suggest try with more s and Im sure you will have a different way to do it. I learned how important the details are ando the most important thing work hard I did really like your ! It is beautiful and organized. The base seems to be very interesting and the way s are arranged is very clever!"I  the submission is real neat. The s are arranged in an order and logic that make me like the photo and the display.  The astounding feature of this  is its simplicity. Two s support the rest. There is a sort of equilibrium that gives the  a great stability.I do not have any suggestions. I  the  is perfect. The first thing I learned is that a  made of s was possible to be done using only a pair of s. A second thing I learned was that these s look nice, because they are clean and ordered. And the third is that through the  one can see much of the life of the author.""You followed all the instructions, answered to all questions given and your  looks really nice and tall. I found interesting the fact that you relied on science to start building your  (triangle as the most structurally stable form). i noticed that in try number 2 you went for the idea ""the higher the t-value, the better"". in the third attempt i expected to see the word  spelled with s but instead and i got confused, i'm not sure i got your idea but you ceirtainly got a really high t-value, congrats! :) It was nice to read your reflection which opened my eyes since i used 208 s 1.50 cm an had the lowest t-value ever. I really enjoyed reading you and providing some feedback.""Well, the submission was done and that is something good. The color of the s is an interesting feature.I would have tried to make it higher.Perhaps it would have been better to try only with a pair of s.""Your choice of s was very good. Starting with tall fashionable boots, confy in the middle and elegant heels to top it. This tells me you are modern, elegant but can be relaxed when needed. Good job, Even though you  you are 5 in creativity and beauty I  you deserve more. Don't be so hard on yourself. I would just like to mention you did not get the value right, you used 4 pairs, 8 s, so 92/8=11.5 ;)I learnt that we (people) are very hard on ourselves sometimes. We do not try new things because we are afraid to fail or that others will not like our work or ideas. Good luck!"When I first saw this structure I find that it is interesting that it has the same elements as a real . It uses s as foundations, columns and beams, which I  that is creative due to the fact that I only stacked them together. The only thing that I  that could be improved is the height of the , there must be a way to use more s in this arrangement. I consider that this  looks pretty good and it also seems pretty steady."Congratulations. The  looks a little conventional. After many attempts when I do business I found other ways to gather and stack s. I  you should try a little more. Your own judgment seems strict, try to relax and not be so hard on yourself.""I like that you achieve a good metric and that was your purpose.I find interesting that you thought in weight distribution, I didnt and I have a of of problems for that.I suggest that you take in consideration all the important aspects of the project, like the beauty.I learned from this feedback that if you  in a practical way you can get good and fast results."I like how tall your  is and that each floor has different number of s in it, I learned from your structure how to make my  better. Well done "Well, your  is very different form the one we built and from the other peer I just reviewed. I like to see the differences in structural concepts. With your s I would have done it different, of course I have no idea about the height I could have achieved. Still, seeing different building principles from the same instructions is a good lesson... I tend to stick to my ideas, specially if the height of the  could have been higher, which I do not know. And this is what this course is about, different ways of creating something!!! So, thanks for this.The other  and yours share the idea of a one  width , and lateral support for stability. The other  used one  inside the next, kind of making a ""one line "", yours uses a different principle for stability. Our  was built from 4- building units that turned out very stable (kind of a lego) one on top of the other. Much more efficient in achieving height (2.18 m) and less efficient in the use of resources (89 s, which is a very large number).Your  is far more elegant than ours, the low number of s makes is visually more attractive... I like it much more than ours. What do I learn form this? Well, as I have written, it is quite interesting to see how different concepts apply to a "" "" instruction. I really liked this.""Hi there: I  I went well your , but that did lacked a little higher if I could have, but I  overall you did good. I  this year, has served us all was a fun and creative exercise.""I really liked your approach in which you have a very stiff and heavy base and work your way up using lighter materials and construction forms all the way to the top.That connection at the very top is quite unique, that must have taken good thought to balance that.I  you could have improved your T rating since you can see in the image the  from the left and right at the bottom aren't really used. I see a lot of value on your , I learned from it that we can certainly also use different structures on different heights depending on the requirements and the aesthetics.Thanks for your submission."Excellent work, a solid structure that is hardly fall, very interesting how to accommodate the base, a very colorful work; Cretivo interesting effort but could have gone a little higher because the base is very firm. Good job.Creo que la traduccin me fall porque unas partes salieron en espaol y otras en ingls, espero me hayan entendido mis compaeros, sobre mi trabajo creo que me sali bien la torre y fue divertido aprender y muy creativo el ejercicio."Great!Looks like it was a fun activity. The  looks a little conventional. When the activity I found other ways to join s. I  you should try a little more.""I like our . We did start with the idea of making a  as high as possible, regardless of the aesthetics, and we succeeded. This is the highest  I have seen of one of the forum posts.The interesting thing was to realize that both my husband and our daughter were far more positive and open minded about the whole exercise... Were it not for them, the  would have been much smaller. I tend to despair much faster than them. Good teaching from them.Afterwards, my husband thought of a different way to give better structure to the base. This could help our  gain stability. The base tended to ""open"" as more weight was added (more s on top).I realize that other people submitted very different structures, and structural concepts. I was totally surprised reading that one person had to ask for their friends s in order to make an 8  ... This proves that one can live well with  fewer things!!!""Positive:your  is small you just use 2 pairs of sUnique: you seems don't look for difficult thingsRevision:may it will be more interseted if you challenge yourself to do more difficult thingsEducation:every one have a diffrent way to  about solving a problem or creating things "It's a fit work by using less s.  It's nice work. The form of the base is interesting i did not use lot of s, just 2 s. I  that i didn't have enough colors to have a good look. I learned from this exercise that if you want achieve you goal you need have lot of attempts.   The   was very nice with nice colors and a big height also, congratulation. I give a grade of 7"Positive:very funny towwer with an ambrella Unique, the  you make in very high, you look for a way to be uniqueRevision:if you use differents size of s i  it will be difficult to do this exerciceEducation:every one have a diffrent way to  about solving a problem or creating things"The idea to go for a  shop was very creative, the colors makes it very nice, the   was very beautiful with a T number equal to 11 which is very good with 1 attempt, however one  was left in the left side of the picture which can easily find its place in the   with a couple of attempt.I like your style of , with a large base and nice balance. I  you want have a pyramidal , and it's nice idea. I can suggest to use more other colors  to add a nice look to your creativity. Good Job  ! By seeing your , i learned that we need to have a large and solid base to to reach the summit ! Thank you !I like you order, and i appreciate you coherence of you colors. You  made  the big one down ( i  all s of your husband LoOL) and you used the weights less one on  the top to have the summit. I like your strategy. May be if you benefit from the different form of your s to have more centimeter in the height  , because the aim of this workshop is to have a taller . I learned from your creativity that using pair of s is more stable than one. "The student did a good job in building the . The idea of putting high leg boot does not make the  as different as she says but it sure makes it taller due to its position at top.The shape of the  is interesting. I personally hoped to have the  narrow at the top and wider at the bottom and avoided the leaner profile of the . But this  has a lean shape, and shows that the student put a good effort in balancing and raising the .It would have been better if the student had tried some other approach to build the . By reading the description, the student didnt have much change in design. Also, the student could have tried accommodating other s in the .After reading this submission, I am ing I should have also tried to build a leaner profile in my . It would have limited the height of the , but used less s and giving higher T value. As mentioned earlier, I gained even more ideas and insights to the task after giving feedback.""The student put a decent effort considering he/she was busy and dindnt have a lot of s to work with. And he also seems to have a good understanding of stability how structures are built.The base of the  was well prepared and i  that if he/she had given it more time and had more s,it could have been built even taller.It may be that the student had few pair of s, but he/she could have given it more time. It would have been better if the student had tried few other alternatives and given it more effort as the objective of the work was not only to build the tallest  but also to fail a few times and learn from the process.During the evaluation, I came to have other insights that I now I feel I lacked while doing the task. I had some more understanding of the task and what the graders expected. Seeing the task being done by other people, I also found many methods that I didnt tried.""Analyzing my own submission, I made more attempts and changed my design more. However, the results are not that great considering the effort applied. Looking at the picture, it doesnt look that structured as I hoped it to be. The interesting thing is that the  is hollow at the middle.For improving the , I now sense that some of the s in the  are not critical to the . Some s doesnt have any structural function but instead add dead weight to the structure. By analyzing other submissions and analyzing my submission, I felt that I learned more than I had done while doing the task. I  that grading others submission was as important as doing the task itself."I like the way you used the strings to balance the upper . Great that it was stable enough this way. Your description of your creation process is clear and personal. I guess that -because of traveling now- there were no extra s available? The design looks nice when you have just 4 s to work with. Maybe not truly creative, indeed a 5 out of 10, but I wouldn't know a more creative alternative myself! The idea to use the strings this way is something I will remember! "I  your own evaluation of your  and your process is very good. You are honest about your own work.I like that you talk about a next time when you are going to build a  . It shows that you are still coming up with new idea's.I agree with your opinion that your mindset was maybe a bit too much systematic; beginning with making a plan. I recognise this in my own process.... so you are not alone on this one ;)Be reading your evaluation and giving you feedback I learned more about my own process. Mainly because I recognise some of your aspects in my own process.""Dear peerstudent, I find it challenging to grade your work, since you observed the creative process of others instead of going it through yourself. However, I like your approach with the kid and the way you described the experiment.Something I would have liked to read is your reflection on your work, especially since you are experienced with creative process: what did you learn from it, to what extent and in which respect involving children brought big changes in the rsult you envisioned. What did they do differently? So I would give your work a 6, for outsourcing the creative process too much."Simple design. Lengthy description - with a bit too much side talk-. Maybe a 7 for effort, but I would rate it with a 6 for creativity. Was only using 4 s indeed the best option? good that you start with having fun in advance!What I really like about your  is the sturdy base ending in an open and refined structure formed by the heeled s on top. They make a nice and colorful composition. To me the controversy between the forms used is very interesting. The rough walking s (you mentioned even snowboard and jogging s) and the refined high heeled ones. Two worlds you obviously like. Outdoor and gala. Oh well...you already said your  could have been higher and more beautiful if you had more s. Well you hadn't and yet managed to create this result. Good for you! As last item I would suggest not being so negative about yourself. (starting with a sorry for the quality of the picture, not being completely satisfied with your work (who is?) having too little material to build with (you did well with what you've got). Stay patient and trust your journey (zen)"Great ! I admire that you keep building after 5 attempts. Further, I liked your reflection on how you evaluated how you build the  (heavy s in the bottom, light s on top), I liked the fact that you planned to fail 10 times. You realized that failing was part of the assignment and you were not afraid for it. Some feedback: For next assignment, please take time to check your spelling and the structure of your sentences it will make it easier for the reviewer to check your answers. Education: I liked the fact that this student thought about the times he / she would fail before starting to build this . In this way, you can prepare yourself for failure and feel more relaxed during the process. I  I will try to use this tactic myself. ""I really like your structured way of starting with analyzing the available s and then photographing each  in the process. It looks like you studied the  as an engineering object (or tool) instead of an object of art. As in: how much hight will they bring me? how can I use their form for stability? how will the placing of the  provide structure to the .  To me it's interesting to see that this 'cool and structured' approach let to a  with a fragile feeling and yet a sturdy feeling. To be honest I'm almost a bit envious because my  looked more like a mountain of stacked s and yours like the Eifel ! So yes, you definitely used creativity to built the . And not 'just basis design techniques'. Because you studied the , thus transcending it from 'a thing to wear on a foot' to: 'an indispensable part of something bigger than it's original use'  I just wonder how you felt about your  BEFORE you compared your  to the others.  Did you grade yourself down after comparing? If that's something you often do, you might consider stop doing that. Because it will not bring you the joy you deserve. And one more question: did you enjoy doing this. Did you feel a certain playfulness (or flow) while building your ?Thank you for your trust. You thought me to be a bit more engineery in my approach and to use the already existing strength of an object . (By the way love the little black boot with the pointy nose :-)""Congratulations on your  ! In your endeavor, you made clever use of the fact that heavier s at the bottom makes for a stronger more stable construction. You explain that you are motivated to make several attempts and that you want to control the game, which is very important if you want to get the most out of the course. Although your   meets the requirements, I would have loved to see what you could have come up with if you indeed tried 3-5 different approaches, rather than just stick to the second attempt.You actually asked someone to rate your , which I did not. Next time, I should also ask others, as that would probably make for a more objective, uncomplicated judgment. "I like the way the s are stacked. Not just all on top of eachother but inbetween and balancing against eachother. Because of this you get a nice shape. Although I would have liked to see a bigger diversity in s and stacking. It's a good top of a  but I wish you would've gattered more s to make a bigger bottom. By doing this you would have reached more height aswell. You are really positive and it seems you've enjoyed the exercise, that's nice to read. And you involved your friends aswell which is good.  It's good for me to provide feedback on this result cause the  I made myself was totally different. This is another way of approaching the assignment and that's educational. I also learned that you have to stay positive and give it a lot of tries and having fun while doing it. And ofcource that you can be proud of the result."I like the way you give extra meaning to the s. Not just using them as stones to built, but using their personal meaning. less happy with the actual photo. Because I know you're a good photographer and you turned in a sloppy photo, with 1 photo in the wrong position.That said I'm happy you described what you felt during the proces. Because I  that's what creativity is about in the end. Also happy you didn't suffer of comparison and lowered your own grade after seeing the other s. No, this  is not the best of all, but your talent is to write about is and your able to experience joy while building. What I've learned from the evaluating assignment is: it's great to learn from your peers, people  that what they do is normal or average, but it never is! Reading and looking at text or photographs that are made with passion, integrity and care is a blessing, and everything that has the smell of sloppiness is not so nice. Even - or maybe especially when - it's done because of some 'don't look at me, I'm nothing' attitude.   ""You gave your   five attempts, which at least shows that you weren't completely disengaged from the assignment. You reached a T of 3.33, which is also not the lowest I've seen around on the forum. Unfortunately, this is all I know from what you have provided; I can't judge how nice the  looks, so I'll have to take your word on it. Get in touch with your motivation to do this course, (wo)man! We all need to sometimes MAKE the effort, to at least pretend we are really motivated and interested, in order to actually become engaged with the activity. I'm sure if you commit a bit more, future feedback will be much more useful to you, you will take much more out of this course, and your  s will be a lot more beautiful! "You build a pretty high , and using the laces to tie the s into bricks was very inventive! You did use a lot of s to build height, perhaps you could have found ways to use less s for the foundation. But I found the tying thing a great invention!A rather boring looking design that definitely focuses on function over form. You can see that it is the result of various failed attempts as visually the s might not be stapled logically, but it seems to work for the better."First of all, congratulations for your . It is extremely interesting to see how different people approached the exercise differently. I really like the ""supporting"" role of the s on the sides.On the improvement side, I believe there a couple of s in your  that are not actually playing a real support role (i.e. the flip flops on the sides). Eliminating superfluous elements would increase your T (with this improvement it would have been alredy 3.75). Regarding the creative process - probably you could have used more times and trial and errors as well.Overall I am very pleased to understand how different people use different approaches to the same problem. The way you built your  never crossed my mind!! Congratulations! :)""Great ! I admire that you have made 11 attempts to build the . That showed that you were willing to keep trying although the  collapsed 10 times. Some feedback. I would like to see more in-depth answers on the last two questions. You did not answer all the questions that were asked. The scale of beauty was missing and you did not reflect how you valued your own . I  you will learn more if you try to answer the questions in more detail. Also, check your spelling and sentence structure. Sometimes it was a little hard to understand what you meant. Education: I learned what the meaning of the word ""gaudy"" is. In addition, I learned to give constructive feedback. "The design incorporates both beauty (it looks cool) and smart design (various methods of -stapling were used). While you probably would have achieved a higher  if you focused on just technique, I  you managed to strike a very good balance between tallness and looks."Well I did well, but what I have learn is that I am not very creative. I understand that we learn by doing it, it's a great course and I hope that we will be more creative ad the end! ""For me the form of your  wins any day. I like the explanation you gave through your creative process. The trial and error and your analytical approach. You have a definite focus on maximizing the results and that is applaudable. The T-score result is probably one of the higher values among the submissions. Well done. You mentioned that you got to the assignment a bit late so I am curious as to what you might have achieved if you had taken more time for this. Would we have had a  as high as 2 meters? Thank you for sharing your experience and what I learned from you is that defining the problem/ challenge with such clarity allows you to focus on the results.  Well done!"The simplicity of your concept is extraordinary. It is a great example of less is more!"Very smart to put in some vertical s to make some the pile high since you did not have much s.Interesting that the s are all sneakerisz s. It immediately made me ing about what kind of person the creator of the pile was.Maybe the next time you are short on material try to ask people to help by lending or donating material.I've learned that it is much more difficult to give extensive feedback if the description of the process is concise.""First of all, I really like your approach. I have done my exercise as well and I didn't even come close to such an interesting way of looking at things!! Really very nice! The way you found the balance is great, it seems to me you are into architecture or design - if not, maybe an idea for a new career path?I also like the way you have attached one  after the other. I find it innovative.On the improvement side, there are other approaches that would lead you to a higher T without disregarding the aesthetics of the project. Meaning, you can have both, a nice  and high T scores.Overall, I am happy that I saw your , it's really fun and I discovered a new way of looking at things. "Your  is a great example of less is more"Well done for making a  so high! I find it clever that you managed to make it so symmetrical. The pairs are all together and that gives it a great sense of symmetry en regularity. It must have been hard to 'stick' them all together using these s. I respect that! I would have liked to read a little more about your process. I understand that English is not your native tongue but your ing process is an important part of this exercise and I cannot read anything about it in your reflection.Next time, maybe tell us more about why you made certain decisions in those 20 minutes of  'fast failure'.What I have learnd form your submission is that persistence also pays. Thank you for sharing your experience. "You have build a very high  with very few s! It is clear that you really tried to do everything right: hight, aesthetics, and using as few s as possible. Of course there are always many ways to Rome, but this  is really good! It's simple and has everything to a sufficient extend.Dear peerstudent, when looking at your work, I realize indeed how different the definition of creativity can be interprete. great job, you definitely went for sturdyness and stability. Greta T value (much better than mine). Also like the fact that you have already thought of the next step, your  has further potential. I would give you a 7."Positive: I like the technical approach which as allowed the usage of many sandals/slippers whilst still providing a stable . It is a  that is also easy on the eyes for as much as is possible for something creative out of s.Unique: I would have thought the structure would become unstable due to the straps on the sandals/slippers. Am very surpriced you were able to stack this many on top of eachother.Revision: Usage of just slippers/sandals which have roughly the same shape might be a little bit easier that when using different kinds of s. It might be more challenging to use a bit more variation.Education: I like the 'scientific' approach by contemplating a few days on it, drafting a few designs already just in the mind before actually starting. This seems much more balanced than my own way for this assignment just starting right away."Your  really looks good. Stable. Compact.Simple. Surprising form. First glance: no s as you expect it, but espadrilles. What I especially like is the uniformity of elements you used to create a whole new form with them. The content of the concept appeals to me. Imagining it as a real building out of these shapes and shape. Why not? Think of the buildings they made in f.i. Dubai. I can imagine such a building realized somewhere near St. Tropez with a pool on the sixty first espadrille...Meaning I like the ' big' concept in it as well as the second layer by the Marilyn Monroe quote, which contains an amount of self confidence I like very much. You mentioned it already in your description: more forms, more color would have improved the presentation. No need to discuss that further. Concept is clear. Ps: I also very much agree with your remark on not being interested in achieving numbers but the process of creative ing."I like the openness of the  form, and the way the single black  stands proudly on top of it. To me this submission illustrates a  a clear example of someone who'd had it all figured out in her/his head, but - for what ever reason - didn't really share it. I will be frank with you, your submission is my second evaluation. Student 1 obviously took great care in photographing and describing  the . To me as a evaluator it felt good that someone is seriously about his/her work and obviously considers the opinion of the reviewer as important. Student 2  (aka you) placed a upside down photo - of a pretty grainy quality - and  writes that he/she didn't take much effort in the exercise, although there was ing process. But I - the reviewer - have not been granted entrance to this process.Do you see my problem? It's really hard to (well actually impossible) to value your process and insights if you don't share them with me. Because I know they're valuable and worth knowing. What I learn from you is that sharing the process is as important as the end result.  And merely 'ing about the process' but 'not doing it' is the opposite of being creative. I would have loved to see (or read about) all the colors and shapes you were ing about, come in to action. To me (I'm way to conceptual and keep everything in my head instead of actually doing it) it's quite a revelation to see what happens  when you lock your ideas in your 'head closet' instead of setting them free. So thank you for this valuable lesson and I hope you will share your insights a little bit more the next time, because it will always mean something to someone. ""Well good job and love the attempts specially the one you did:)  I and the most of us made something like this., which means we are not very creative:) thee course will help us in the future I hope. That's what I have learn from this test. Which you good luck and a love of fun ! "I am quite surprised that you managed to make this a stable  with only 6 s. That is interesting. It is almost like you created a big  --> small  --> smaller  . :) It would have been even more amazing if all s were from the brand Nike. Swoosh! Maybe next time try and create something like that... I do like your ."Positive: changing the negative thoughts into positive and still starting the process. Nice and mixed usage of different shapes of s.Unigue: I have not seen enough other examples to say what is absolutely unique about my . I do know it is different from the ones I have evaluated by having a large stable centre and mixed variety of s and slippers.Revision: It would have been nice to have seen a picture of it, so another attempt of rebuilding would be have been appreciatedEducation: it is nice having seen several other students doing this exercise seriously and with great results""I  you've done a great job. You've build a high .it is a pity that you couldn't get a higher  with less s, maybe it helps when you ask tips and tricks of friends to get a new perspective.""You put a lot of considered effort in this assignment! I wish I could have seen it live, because the photo is just two-dimensional and with a very busy background. In my feedback I try to imagine your  in 3D, based upon your description and the photo ;) Your  has a good height and stability. I like the top  as a 'cherry on the pie'. Great that you used your idea journal to choose your design. A few questions- mainly out of curiosity-: did you also try  (completely) different ways of building a  ? Having 98 s to work with gives a tremendous amount of possibilities of variation! You mentioned in your description your approach was technically rather that artistically. If you had another chance, could you have worked more 'symmetrical' with the colors of the s? That might have accentuated the structure. Or was that technically impossible? Did using your idea journal help you to build the  into as much of a pyramid as it can be, and as high as possible? Did it keep you from trying something completely different? I look forward to hear it!"Looking back on the picture of this  first thing that appeals to me is the colorfulness by the orange and blue and splashes of red in the base dissolving in brownish and beige on top, which gives it a hunch of infinite ending. The cone form as to give it sort of balance. Interesting are the colors and the concept of colors of my country. I was lucky though to find so many s in the house. I left out the boots, which had a too weak a form to work with. And revision...well everything can be done better or different. Other shapes, other forms, other construction. As for now this result is ok to me."Positive: It looks like a sporty Eifel . Unique: Only sneakers? Revison: Exept for one, where is the second slipper, you could have built a taller .Education: You do not need to use all s you have, or are in sight."The  reached a good height and you put an effort in finding s, since you've used colleagues s. By doing that you also got other people involved in your creative exercise. You've made several attempt for stability of the . The most interesting part of the  was, by trying to reach a good height, you used the top s very creatively. When asked the question if you find your  beautifull you answer that it isn't because of the s you used. I  that the esthetics of the  doesn't rely on the s you use but the shape of the  you make and your creativ abbility. So I would advice for the future that you look beyond the appearance of the objects and look at the total picture. You're s are all stacked in the same way, except for the top once. I would have liked to see some different ways of stacking.You're own reflection could have been more in-dept, if you try to do this I  you notice your own process better. It's nice to see how others have experienced this exercise and look at it from there point of view. It lets me  about the exercise again and also be creative in evaluating. I learn how to provide positive feedback and how I can improve myself. "You clearly tried some very different approaches, and ended up with a rather unique structure. It seems you have really put in the effort, even though you point out that you could have really kept on going until you would block creatively, and then some. Next time, why not just do that?   ""Great s! I love the white ones on top! I  your  looks very colorful and happy! I  you also madea very good start, the bottom of the  looks very solid!I  the different kind of s you used make the  look interesting, I keep looking at it! I also noticed you made the bottom larger than the top of the .Maybe you could increase the hight of the  by putting the white s upright? Or try to use less sin the bottom of the .I  your  looks much more colorful than mine, so I learned that maybe I could built a nicer  the next time.To read through your reflection I noticed that I did some things different. I learned from reading your reflection and giving my feedback that there are also different ways to go!""Your way to approach each floor a different way makes you get the most out of the assignment. You had to be creative for 5 different visions of creating a pile of s.The vertical s with a turned up  on top i thought is a unique way of building. Also loved the finishing touch slipper on the top.The next time you grade yourself take the whole process in consideration. The amount of s wasn't a surrender but a concession you made for a pile of good measure and esthetic.I've learned that separating a challenge into a few smaller challenges will make solving the challenge easier and will extend the level of creativeness."The design looks interesting and near the top it looks quite creative. It seems like you probably could have reduced the amount of s near the bottom to increase the T value, but as you were part of a team it might not have been possible to do that (because it seems you wanted to limit  amounts actually). The design does seem quite well thought out and looks like the result of various failures that you learned from."Positive:The firm base.Unique: The three feet baseRevision: You could have built a much taller  with all these s.Education: Well, a  does not need to be symmetric.""Positive: It something very different I have seen before.Unique: It is a bling bling , it does not need lights.Revision: That on top, do you call it a ?Education: There are more kinds of s then I have seen before."First congratulation with your , and great you need serval attempts, that how we re learning and improve. I made almost the same , which means we are not very creative, http what I learn about it. What I also learn and perhaps you too, is the question we can make ... Can we see on the  we build what or character is? I  we can. Perhaps your live is good organized (see the pairs and symmetry in you ) my  was chaos with a little symmetry. Any way I have already seen some s which are much more creative, so we both use the right course! Good luck with the course hope we will speak again after the course. Peter.vanstraten@gmail.com "I  I did a good job with the different kind of s. And I  the  looks impressive with the flip-flops on top!The most interesting thing about the  were the flip-flops on top and that I used both women and mens s.I  I could have tried a few more times maybe. Did I give up too quickly?  Maybe I could have tried to put my boots on top of the ? That would increase my hight with at least 30 cm!it was great to see other students results, that made me with about my own reflection and . I learned that there are many different kind of ways to built a  and to subscribe the process."I gave a thorough in-dept evaluation of what I went through during the creative process and why I find my  beautifull. I also like the fact that you can read I really enjoyed it, but that's probably cause I really did! After seeing other s I can access mine better and still  it's worth an 8 out of 10. Comparing with others I really gave it my best shot and took it seriously. Because I was serious about it it kinda dissapointed me in the beginning when initially my  wouldn't stay upright but luckily I had the persevearance to proceed. It was educational to give feedback, to others aswell as myself, because you look at it again but in a different way. You can also compare your result with others and that gave me confidence. With other I mainly tried to find and point out positive aspects, which is good for me cause I normally focus on the s that didn't go well."Dear peerstudent, I really enjoyed reading your work, and the picture. You really thought about this and tried several times. The idea of starting with a circle is very unique, not exactly what you  of when reading the word """". I like your analysis at the end, and that you mentioned the FUN factor. I  you deserve a 7,5.""I  I did well in describing my process. I was honest and didn't leave anything out. About my : I could have put even more time in it to find better combinations of s to make a higher . I still like my aim to build a  with only one  per layer.""Thank you for your submission. I've read that you tried several things and that in the end you found a way that worked for you. I  you were more focused on creating a huge pile rather then esthetic. Perhaps next time you can combine multiple factors at once which don't necessarily have to contradict eachother.Again thank you for trying and have fun with the rest of the course.""Positive: I actually like the way this  was contructed with the 3 slippers as a base. It offers a sleek design whilst still getting good height.Unique: I  the 3 slipper base will be unique compared to many others who will try make a firmer base. A lot is accomplished with very little amount of s/slippers.Revision: I don't know if the cloth used for grip was part of the assignment and I wonder if this  structure would be possible without it. I would be very interested to know if this  was possible without it as well.Education: My first reaction on my own  was to provide a base as wide and firm/stable as possible. I limited myself to just the s. Using the cloth was a way of ing outside the box and showed me other things as possible when u use a different approach."Thank you for your submission. I've read that you tried several things and that instead of focusing on building a high  of s you focused more on esthetics which in my opinion you've achieved. It looks simple, balanced and stable. Considering the theme of this course I  it is best that you tried and triggered your own creativity. Perhaps if you used more s that you could make other kinds of statues of s."Positive: It is a high  compairing to the others I have seen.Unique: More types of s than I have seen with the others.Revision: It is not a very beautiful , it is more functional.Education: Height was more important then beauty, so it was not very creative that way."I like your  and the fact that it is really stable. I am amazed. You really did put some effort in this one.I like the fact that you used a pair of s on each level of your . I wonder if you could create the same stable  with even more s. Great to read that you have learned from your  building failures. :) I like your creativity."Good Effort! I  your   looks very strong and solid! With a few s you made a nice  and I  the T value is very good with this amount of s! That was something I thought was very interesting, U used much more s in my  (20) and it was just 79 cm high. Your   wasn't the prettiest one I've seen, didn't you have other s you could use? Maybe with some more color? Borrow s from your neighbor?;-)I liked to read through your reflection, it wasn't much different from mine. I looked at your  and saw my  with different eyes. Maybe I should built my next  with less s!"Looking at my pile of s in comparison to others I wonder why my  is so low. However I do  that my  reflects balance, style and symmetry and that there is a color theme going on. That much thought has been given on how to place the s.After seeing the work of other peers I realize how my approach is also different and innovative - and even nice to look at. I managed to get a great T (mainly because I love pumps, you see, they are very high!) in a very different manner than the other colleagues. At the beginning I didn't  it was different or special, but now I am realizing it's better than I thought. Which is nice. I never considered myself a creative person - I still don't - but I am better than I give credit myself for!You've made a lot of progress from your final attempt to your first, but still it should be possible to make a bigger  with less s."I'm always going to be a bit of a renegade. If a goal is defined, I always chose my own view on the subject. Hence the focus was not on the T-Score and was on beauty in the first place and only secondly on the T-Score. That is original and reflects my strengths. If I had chosen a more focussed approach, I might have been able to increase the T-score and therefore the value of the assignment. Learning from failure is already an integral part of my creative process. Embracing it as a legitimate method of learning is refreshing. ""Wow, your  is very high.I  it is interesting that you feel you didn't come up with something extraordinary. In my opinion the structure of your  is extraordinary.I find it difficult to give you feedback because you yourself don't describe in much detail your process. Maybe for the next assignment you can tell mora about your process.I learned a lot about the way you structered your ."I  the composition of the s works well and the story behind the  strengthens the final work. The  was well thought through and reflection gave the work a unique bent. Suggestions for improvement would include really pushing the boundaries and trying different ideas rather than improving the same theme. Reflection on what I learned as a feedback provider is that as much time is needed to create the design as their is ing about the design.That is much higher than my stack.  The unique aspect was the number of s and boots here.  Few colorful s.  I  wonder if addition of colored s would make an artistic stack.  I have learned to be more serious in the exercises.The   shows a fun distribution of colour, I enjoyed the vibrant colour of the top s, in contrast with the lower darker s. I  your   would show even more innovation if you had tried a few more different versions of the placement of the s. On reflection your   taught me about the power of the written information on the  and how this can support the submission."The submission provided an well structured and in depth description [over 500 words] that laid out the process in an easy to follow sequence and backed the description with a series of photos showing the high points of the process. The submission showed that it was based on learnings from the course forum and Matson's book. And the result was a high scoring, good looking and stable .The use of boots to gain height for a low number of s was key. The goody two s [pun intended] who tried to suggest that boots are not s got me ing and I couldn't have done it without boots - maybe they were the irritant that makes the pearl?Maybe the submission should have considered the suggestion of getting a T score >100?I learned that my self rating on beauty and creativity were too harsh - particularly after rating other submissions."I like the colorful aspect of my stack; that and the collaborative effort with my daughter are aspects I am pleased with.  The unique aspect is the bright red boots from my daughter's friend.  The critical point is to build for height (T-factor) not just artistic.  I reflect that i am too relaxed on this exercise."I  you have a really sturdy base and have been able to use that to add a creative twist to the top.  I like how you have slotted the s into each other to get the long top part that adds the height.  Well done on all the structural thought you gave to the work.  Having the strong base has certainly been the benefit of your work.I agree that you could have spent a bit more time on aesthetics.  Maybe considering another arm that went out in the opposite direction?  I too liked your thoughts about perhaps colour coordinating with a bit more time.I learnt  the value of a solid base in constructing a  and I particularly liked the idea that even when building with s you can potentially colour co-ordinate things to a structural advantage :-)  Great effort!""I like it (aesthetically - nice repeated structure -  jenga).Interesting that you used pairs of s but on different layers - most seem to have pairs together.I might have colour coded the  (so you get a 'fade' around/up it).I  I took the T value optimisation too seriously - this is a cool .""Your submission is cool. But I believe, to be more clear you may not use the glitter frame so I can see the photo easily.Well done for the s  :)""You made good use of the s with the layering from the trainers [sport s] at the base, then flats and then heels at the top to gain extra height. You also made good use of the colors you had available with accents in white and green. And you failed quickly as Jack Matson suggested so you got yourself on a good track early.I liked the way you used the  laces to help tie the  together - that was very creative. Also the way you slanted the s in a chevron shape to get extra stability.Maybe you could have used the straps on the s at the top of the  to hold another  pointing vertically to get extra height. This would have built on your ""laces"" idea.Thank you - I learned from your submission that there are many ways to get a stable  ."You are such a s lover! I am so amazed by your work! Well done and great work!"WOW that is one impressive  !  It is absolutely FULL of s and must have taken considerable time and effort.  I love the quirky character  at the top too.  It made it fun and unique.  I really like how much thought you have put into this and how you have reviewed the structure after each attempt.  I am not sure exactly how I would improve on this.  One thing perhaps would be to try and make the  feel less bottom heavy and less dense in the base while still being structurally sound.I was inspired by the degree to which to tried and learnt from your various attempts.  I also liked your reference to creativity needing time.  Well done, great effort!"Liked the second  (toe in heel, repeated). It's got a certain elegance to it. Was this the highest the  would go with this method and/or did you try 2 s of this type, side by side for more stability? The T factor certainly played a significant part of determining the  size (eg trying to use only 1 ). Agree, it made it more interesting; I had a few more s so used 2 s per level (bit like Jenga) starting with hiking boots, topped with a gumboot (145cm, 26 s albeit carefully using some of my wife's high heels near the top). Good creative rating and rationale.I am impressed by the height here.   The unique aspect was the way the s locked together.  I wonder what your wife had to say.  Did you use her comment?  My daughter told me my stack was not colorful, so we built the stack together.  I   for me, the learning was to collaborate. "I liked the way you set an explicit goal - high and stable - and then you did several prototyping cycles to see how you could get a good base for stability before you attempted to get more height. You submitted multiple photos to show how you had done the base prototypes which made what you were doing easy to understand.You experimented with different ways of arranging the  and always referred back to your goals. You didn't waste time with stuff that didn't work - if it would stand on its side you lay it flat and moved on.Looking at the  rack in the photo there may have been some s you could have used as a stronger base. Also the s you used could have been stood vertically to get more height at the top of the . Your Mother was a bit harsh rating the  as a three - with the multi colors I  it deserved more.Thank you - I learned that having a goal can be useful.""I  I did a good job for this task, but maybe my concern will be on the limited of number of s that I have. Maybe it is because I live in an apartment with only 1 flat mate :D"Awesome , well formed, nice buttressing support at the base (didn't  of that for mine), good colour and texture coordination. Like it. And a respectable height. Liked the introspection and speculation too, deriving meaning from the  and the representation of the wearer's lives.  I found your top  the most interesting of your submissions and applaud the amount of time and reflection you put into the project as a whole and each  as you completed it. The most unique feature which appealed to me was the combination of the high and flat s in your top example. The one suggestion I would make is to condense your written explanations so they are more concise and less wordy, saying that I enjoyed your reflection and comments on each of your s. I learnt the importance from your work of continuing to try different methods and really experiment with the materials at hand. I  you have completed a really good submission."Elegant engineering - I particularly like the sub-structure approach (could in theory make that quite tall :-) Actually similar to the solution I found (unique by similarity, as no others have been).Suspect that the bottom 3 s were less structurally stable than the next three, so alternating that structure might allow another tier (or even 2).Just balancing s (sole to sole in your case) works quite well. I  I over-engineered my solution.Thank you for sharing :-)""Cool - like a mini Bahrain sky-scraper!Love the radial symmetry and variety of different  styles used.Wonder if a more structured 'build' would allow a taller  (toes inserted and laced into base layer rather than free-standing).There are many ways to create something elegant, and engineering is only one of them :-)"In as much as I made use of a lot of s to build my , I appreciate the fact that it not only took into cognisance the objective, but also infused some element of design in it by making it in the shape of a pyramid. i have learned a lot more ways to use the s without using so many s now so if I have to do a   again, i will do it better.Beautifully assembled. very colorful, could be taller,made a great style The solid foundation of your   is a good foresight and your teamwork ability is commendable. I  you can achieve a higher T ratio with that number of s if  you became more resilient but that will be difficult considering the timing. I love the fact that you got everybody involved."The   was nicely done. Looking at picture, you can tell that its a male thing. I like the idea of the long boots to make it a little creative.The s should have been shifted away from the shelf to make stand on their own instead of support from the shelf. That way, the s stand alone.Perseverance in whatever you set your mind to do and devising ways to make it succeed in the face of adversity.  ""The pin wheel idea is awesome. That I believe gave a strong foundation for other s to find a spot they fit in and that made your mountain stand strong.It is interesting how it seems like you used more structured s as the foundation. I am guessing its because they are firmer and won't buck under the weight of the other s on top.you didn't grade yourself under your creativity level. Although it is good to see this as an adventure, even in life, we are advised to set goals and indicators to show if we have reached our goals. Creativity is not bound by levels however, it does help to know if you are achieving your goals and those parts you need to work on which is why the grading is there. No one likes to be graded but we sometimes need to compare what we  about ourselves with what others  about us to make wholesome reviews of ourselves.I learned that sometimes we do need to grade ourselves to know if we are accomplishing the goals we have set for ourselves. Sometimes being our own worst critic helps in pushing us to do more than we are expected to do and this can be done to positively affect the way we would work.""I admire the skill persistence exhibited. This student was not afraid of failing and trying again. He attempted 5-6 timesThere was a show of interest in finding news ways to do things. Thinking outside the box was as adopted giving an interesting twist to the creativity style. This has taught me that creativity has no borders"I like the constructive use of colours in the  to add beauty, with the distinctive use of majorly feminine s. However, the height of the  is not impressive when compared with the number of s used. And I feel the structural formation does not allow for further building. I  the  reflects more of a feminine personality with more concern for aesthetics than for structure. This reviews how our unique personalities affect our perception and approach.An amazing problem solving instinct, this person sure was willing to explore all possible creative channels within him except that the instructions were not duly followed. This particular feat was definitely not a '' neither is it a stand alone. I have however learnt how far one must be willing to persevere in order to arrive at that creative outcome."I like the creativity employed in the construction of this ''. It is quite unlike other s I have seen so far in the discussion forums of this course or in my environment. I like its unique shape and the use of a minimum amount of s. However this structure does not fit the description of a  because s are tall often by a wide margin. Instead of the middle of the structure to extend upwards it goes in the opposite direction i.e. downwards.I can term this finished product as ing out of the box which is something one should do continuously. "Story interestingly told with very graphic words. Applied IFF which is awesome and ing beyond achieving 1 goal (tallest ) also great. You thought deep on how to incorporate all variables and achieving end result, however, reading your story I was hoping you  ended up with a more interesting  :). With your wild imaginary sense - I believe you could have tried more creative ways even with limited s. Light bulb moment for me-  beyond the now by considering all possible variable to achieve a win-win result.Solid construction and a fair effort that has been able to combine strange bed fellows conveniently. The disregard for aesthetics is obvious. Could have done more with colours and placements. "Sturdy design. The number of s used was enough to build an impressive looking , without looking imbalanced.Good idea, using the heavier s as the base.I liked the high heel  used as the apex. This gave is a unique look.I would have been more impressed, however, if you had more s and could have pulled off a taller . But then, from the description given, it's obvious that the importance of stability wasn't lost on you, which I cannot completely say for myself."Implementing the IFF to tell story and using common knowledge to build a strong base is awesome. A hint to color is good and shape reminds me of a cushioned stool turn upside down. I bet if you spent a little more time. You probably build a very solid bridge :). I am so guilty of this fact - we always have time crunch. I honestly believe that by creating time to do something, we become masters in our art. Time is expensive yet key to help unlock our creativity abilities - Tiger woods, Beethoven etc. I need to spend maybe 5 minutes before tackling any problem is learn to me."Great! You sure understood the assignment. Despite the complicated shape of your wife's s, you were still innovative by building a  .However, i  you should have 'failed' more by trying new attempts in getting a better & taller .Finally, i have learnt from your submission that irrespective of  shapes, we can still be creative & innovative. A lesson i believe should be adopted for our everyday life in overcoming challenges.""Hi, your   is very lovely and colorful and you should not have felt down.Its very interesting that you went out of your way to do this assignment,shows commitment. Well done.Well, maybe with the number of s at your disposal you could have done more considering you went all out.Looking at your   i feel i could have done better myself especially from the aesthetics angle. "An architecture masterpiece in the "world of  s". Aesthetically appealing but could do with a more intricate colour combination. What I learnt? High heels pay."Incredible! I am screaming! Whao. i didn't  of this and so am really amazed at this person's mind. Tucking-in slippers and s like that is quite interesting to see. I like the fact that it is fully compact. Bravo.I am so impressed but perhaps if care was taken to separate the colors distinctly, the  would have been more beautiful.i learnt from the sight of this  that anything is possible if we put our heart to it and try enough."Painted a very descriptive picture (could see  w/o a pic); Love the Combo of different styles of s  (men + female s) it's very creative; You didnt have to tear down the whole structure to create a better - simply rearrange/rebuild top layer utilizing your already solid foundation since you had a time crunch. I believe we all creativity but we seldom create time to challenge ourselves to go beyond our boundaries. We get comfortable in our zone. Learnt that applying a mental pic of one's end result could help to deliver result faster."You sure had fun at innovation. You should be called a creative agent.I like the fact that your setback (inability to request for s in the office) and your lack of enough pairs of s didn't stop you from being creative.In my opinion, i  you scored yourself low for your creativity. You are sure better than a 6.Thank you for teaching me via your submission that neither setbacks nor lack should be strong enough to stop us from being creative, innovative or hinder us from being a change agent.""Colourful & Innovative.The fact that i built a winged   to achieve stability made creativity fun.I  i should have achieved greater height with these number of s if i made more attempts.I have learnt that ing out of the box is the key component of innovation.""The fact that the s were standing alone, not leaning on anything is just fine.The s stood vertically from bottom to top with a bit of colorful highlights to play with the laid back color theme.I would have loved more  varieties just to play with more colors and shapes.I learned to be patient in whatever I put my mind to do.""Even though i haven't started reading week two topics,i appear to be a structured er.I simply wanted to get the job done, which was to build the tallest   possible.I need to loosen up a little bit and try to have fun while doing tasks. Was really inspired by the second peer assignment i evaluated. She didn't just get the job done, she told a story with her ."I cannot really see anything on your work that I have to evaluate"your concept of an arch was so brilliant, (the first i have seen so far), you were able to work me clearly through your work process, you adequately used the resources availableyou achieved a high t value/ratio (the highest i have seen so far), really commendable, you compensated well for your lacking of structural experience, which is a hallmark of successful entrepreneuras a critical friend, a few feminine s would have added more colors and increased the gender appeal of your workaltogether, it was a wonderful creative arched   "The work you presented is very creative and the explanation is well comprehensive as wellI love the fact that you made use of the s properly in the sense that you had some wedged in others. It made you achieve more height with fewer s. In my submission, i got carried away with design and concept that i sort of forgot to make it tall...lol. But this is a very good job that is spot on with the objective. Well done.The idea of making the  beautiful with diff colors of s, shows an appreciation of colors and the role of perception in achieving a task. The layout process before building the   was unique. having viewed other peoples work I have realized that I need not limit myself to regular ways of doing things " creativity makes you  like a child -uninhibited"I used what I learnt in the course to tell my story (a faster way of learning for me). I had an imagine in my head which I brought to reality. I didn't know I had that many pairs of s :). I was able to interlock my s to create a sturdy  and did a Wind test, testing its foundation. I could have done this differently-reflecting back. I was aiming to achieve 1 goal not considering the other "T", that would have been more of a challenge - to test both my creative ability and push me out of my boundary. I need to  more creatively, bigger, outside the box- considering all factors to achieve goal. I will keep testing pushing myself to go pass the sky limit. "Incredible! Each time i see my , I smile wholeheartedly. I like my  and it amazes me that I could come up with such. Bravo bravo!The unique aspect of my  is that it has strong pillars which i  every building and especially a  should have. I also  its unique because it has a clearly seen foundation and roof top!I  more bright colors would have made it more amazing and if possible raising the height will also give it the  look.I love my . And it helps reinforce the fact that I can do anything if put my heart to it. I also learnt that crazy looking things to some people can actually be beautiful things to some others. Whao""Positive: The major strength of this submission is the posters persistence. The user kept trying different methods until he/she came up with the final structure.Unique: The poster did not feel discouraged even after the family members pointed out that the  was not a masterpiece. That is a rare and unique gift as a lot of people would have either started over or feel completely discouraged and quit.Revision: With the large variety of s at the posters disposal, a lot more color could have been added to the . The  with better foundation could also have been a lot taller.Education: While building my own , I stopped after the third try. I have learnt from this submission to try and try until I feel satisfied or have achieved my desired result or at least something close."Beautifully made and colourful. The base didn't have to be that wide and I  that made you fail to get your desired height."This is a beautiful . i like the fact that it looks strong.it looks like a robot to me because most of the s are masculine and sporty. The mouth and soles of the  gives me that impression. The colors as well; dark and bright gives it the right finishing. I like it!The  is great except that it looks slightly bent...this is caused at the 6th layer.I have seen that creativity is boundless and very possible if we can just sit and  a bit."A really solid  with emphasis on ruggedness. I obviously sacrificed beauty for resilience and solidity. The image was also blurred so any great job done may even not be readily visible. A strong thing should also come with some finesse. "I am glad you enjoyed the exercise. It would have been much better if you were able to upload the picture so i could see how wonderful your  is. You really put in a lot of time into it and this is really commendable. I initially thought your T value was wrong because you wrote 15/12 instead of 12/15 but on computation i realized you calculated the right thing.Keep up the good work!"Beautiful background and a very solid foundation. The configuration however told on the height and thus the T formula. Could have done more with a reduced base and avoiding duplicity. A solid foundation assists when starting anything.Contrary to what you , I actually  this   is beautiful...in a strong way. Kinda reminds me of a military  . lol. I like the fact that you made use of few s to achieve something this tall. Nice work. stable ,good height, could be more beautifully combined, simple enoughI am happy with my  and the height I was able to achieve considering  that the pictures of other s I have seen are not as tall as mine. The unique thing about the  is it combination of the s used and the height of the s. I  I should have done better aesthetically because I believe I could make it more pleasing to the eyes in terms of arrangement. I have learnt thatone could stretch the boundaries of creativity if one persisits.This is quite a remarkable feat considering the limitation of resources he had to work with, I like how he was able to arrive at a comfortable balance with the two targets of achieving a considerable height and stability of the stack within focus. I however  he could have done better by shunning the quiet suggestion of limitation. I  for me it is what you do after doing all you could have done that matters. "Really cool. I love how more creative your s got by the fourth try. This first showed how you thought of a basic structure that should 'get you points' but by your third, you let yourself in there, thought about how you wanted it to look then worked out a formula to get it. One thing I found cool was how you stepped away from the third  and came back to build the fourth after two days. I  this is something many people working in projects hardly do. We can be so focused in finishing the project that we don't give ourselves the chance to step away, breathe and see it with fresh eyes. I  this helped in your fourth  in finding a better balance and pushing beyond.why shoot yourself in the foot? You gave your  a 9-10 grade in its beauty but wished you had nicer colours. However your grade limits your chance to upgrade your work in the sense that there isn't much you have to do to work towards another 9-10 grade even with new colors.I learned that we should allow ourselves to see beyond the basic steps of things. I also made the first  that I saw here but from the second, our s are totally different because we tried to see beyond it and like the fourth  here, away from it. This tells me that there are many solutions to one problem which would serve its purpose but can still be different in its approach"colorful,attractive,need more s for stability and height, nice simple syle"Hi, job well done. Your description was concise and your logic faultless.A strong foundation was the first thing i also thought of.I found it interesting that you that you tried to be as artistic as possible taking colors into consideration and not focus so much on height.Looking at picture i  you might have been able to do more with the other s in the back ground.In giving this feedback i see in my own submission things i could have done better myself."Awesome. I love your creativity as your  carries a message."Positive: The   is a very beautiful one. I like the way the poster did the color combination. I also liked the combination of the s right below the last tall boot. The poster was quite creative and I persisted until this beautiful  was built.Unique: The poster did not have too many s at her disposal but was able to put together the few she had and build a nice  Revision: I looked at the  over and over and with the s available in the picture could not make any other suggestions. I loved the combination of s and colors.Education: While building my own , I felt that I didn't have a lot of options considering the very few number of s I had, After looking at this, I am convinced I could have done better.Unique: The poster did not feel discouraged even after the family members pointed out that the  was not a masterpiece. That is a rare and unique gift as a lot of people would have either started over or feel completely discouraged and quit.Revision: With the large variety of s at the posters disposal, a lot more color could have been added to the . The  with better foundation could also have been a lot taller.Education: While building my own , I stopped after the third try. I have learnt from this submission to try and try until I feel satisfied or have achieved my desired result or at least something close.""The   was done very nicely and with varieties of s.The fact that the   was standing on its own, not leaning on any stand is cool.I would have loved other s like stilettos, platforms just to add fun to the whole project.The idea is to bring out your creativity out of nothing ."I am really excited seeing this work. Didn't  in this direction. creative work I must say. The strength to try and try again was a positive one. This students needs to have confidence when show casing his work. Great job was done but the confidence to communicate that needs to be there as well. I have come to learn that there's many sides to a job well done"Hi, nice effort. It must have been fun doing it as a group.I found it interesting you could get so many people involved and participate without getting distracted.Looking at your  critically i am impressed at how you took out time to balance the s, well done.As a feedback provider it made me also to reflect on my own  and on what i could have done better.""well arranged 'thesis', well stated work, good thought process and cognitive flow, (better than mine by a mile),i loved your structural arrangement and imaginative capacityas a critical friend, i suggest you stretch out of your comfort zone, (get s from a neighbor or something), the aim of your fortress/  is to accommodate people, so involve friends..i have learnt to state my thoughts with more professionalism and cognition.. altogether a lovely creative  .""This   presentation is beautiful in its simplicity. The use of the inverted V for the  structure was good because it gave a very good form for the . The use of both pairs on each level instead of haphazardly using each . The use of only male s and black and brown coloured s did not add colour and depth to the . I like the presentation because of it simplicity and ability to get that height with only 8 pairs of s.  ""The  was neat and structured. You could see where the s fit in.What I find interesting is how straight it is. Comparing it to other s I saw, it is oblivious that it's purpose is to stand forever...if it could.I should have allowed myself to open up more to the task. Seeing the other works done from the discussion feed showed that I allowed myself to be stuck in a rut once more, asking myself what others want or expect, not what I wanted to achieve. Seeing other works acted as an eye opener.I learned that you get more creative when you allow yourself to be. Sometimes we need to forget the things that we have learned especially when it comes to us accepting our works. It is more about knowing the rules well enough to know when and how to break them.""I like the creativity the student showed in the construction of his/her  especially the vertical arrangement of the s to give the   more height but I feel the student could have used more s. It was a simple  to build in my opinion and I commend the student for making at least 5 attempts in the process of making this . Like I said earlier, a criticism is that the student could have put in more work in the building of the  to achieve a higher .I have learnt from this course that creativity is unlimited and one needs to stretch ones ability to tap from it."Your resilience gave you a relatively high T ratio and the  design is good owing to fact that you gave attention to sorting your s first. I love the fact that you achieve your  with less crowded s. You could achieve a taller  if you added more s to the base. You taught me how to achieve more by planning ahead and determinationGreat job, you work was very creative and the explanation well understood"I love the fact that one could easily identify bright colors from the ; the green and the red/grey. it also looks like a pyramid to me. This makes it unique. Thumbs up for the attempt.I would have love to see a consistent pattern in the arrangement. That would have suggested the arrangement was well thought through.In conclusion, I must say that truly everyone is creative. i really love the color inclusion especially of the woolen  and this has taught me that any color can actually make a difference.""Given the lack of structure obvious in the design, the fact that it remained standing is impressive. Of the other  s I've seen, this was the only one that appeared to have been designed without a proper plan in mind, and seems to have been fixed as the designer went along.I would suggest better planning in the future, although I realize (from the picture and descriptions) that sometimes, from chaos, order can emerge.""I wish you were able to upload the picture, it would have made my evaluation much easier. I understand that the upload servers were down, but you could have uploaded the picture to a file hosting server like Google drive or dropbox and simply pasted the link.But overall from your description, i am able to imagine your .I appreciate your attitude towards the project, it's highly commendable. Well done.""Very symmetric construction. It looked like it was well thought out before construction begun, so it worked out quite well.Managing to fit the flip flops on top to give it some extra height was something I didn't  of, very unique way of building your .However, I  if you had more s, you would have been able to build an even better . But then, the fact that you did this with what you had, says a lot.I agree that it was majorly an engineering based task, but using s, not bricks required creativity. Which shows you do have creativity in you."the choice to use boots instead of just normal s is very wise. Also the  was decorated, sort of, with some beads, which though is off the instructions, adds some beauty. It would have been really good if this student had pictures of the earlier s he mentioned of building. I like his choice of background, which adds a sense of nature and serenity to his work. Then also his use of the  lace to increase stability is quite creative. My major concern with his/her  is structure and stability. On the whole, I  the student made the best of the option available to him/her. With few s, the student aimed for the most important thing, which is height.Solid good structure and form. One of the best I have seen so far. He is a landscape architect and that gave him a good head start on building structures. The lack of colour diminishes the impact of the . The gumboot and sandals tops created a dramatic effect to the whole presentation. I learnt that just one thing or factor is capable of changing the outcome or result of an actionA masterstroke in how to get so much from so little. The number of s is obviously small but the individual heights and arrangement saved the day. Aesthetically not a stand out but the selection is unique. Choose your building blocks wisely, they may make all the difference. "i love my ability to gather s from outside my comfort zone, that helps in outsourcing in the real business world,s from different walks of life were used, (male s , female s), corporate, fashion s and sports thus representing a large diverse customer base needed for profiting in business,as a critical friend, i could have used less s, or increased  height to achieve a higher T value/ratiothe   ended up looking a little clumsyi have learnt that success is about doing things till you can do them differently and achieve a good fit."The use of colour adds depth to this . The top of white canvass and its masculinity adds a colour and texture contrast to the whole presentation. The height of the  may have been increased by laying them vertically instead of using  horizontal positioning. When I first saw the presentation, I thought the s were just stacked on top of each other but as I continued to study and reflect on the sower I could clearly see the structure, form and thought that went into the presentation. Its a clear lesson on look closely before you evaluate or pass judgement. This is absolutely a wake up call to be more diligent. I did a very bad exercise as the   is not showing. I will do better has the couese progress. More details is also needed."I  that you managed to get a very high metric, and that your   shows that you have an attention to balance and colour. I like that the strong, green s makes the peak of the , and that the stronger colours are near the top.If I were to change anything, I  I would take the beige s near the top further down as it's a more neutral colour. Also I would experiment with more creative ways of stacking the s and try to stack some  pairs on top of each other rather than next to each other to get a higher metric.I've learned from your submission to be more attentive to colours and shape in  s."That was a fine example of a  , although it does not seem to be stable.With evaluating and seeing my peers' , my  just looked lazy and not thought of. But then again as steve jobs would put it simplicity is harder to achieve than creativity. I just wished I made the  taller seeing that my peers had theirs in 90cm. My only advantage is I had a higher T value. I should've put more time and effort and tried more."Congratulations on making a high  with little means. It must have been difficult for you to find s as you are on vacation.Compliments also on the colour scheme. You've really stuck to the black and blue.I  if you tried more times, you could have made a higher .I have learnt that placing s upright instead of flat really does the trick.""The first  pair shows an interesting pretty-functional contrast, one  is pretty and elegant and the other is dirty and functional. Also I like the background of the photo and that you took the extra effort to go outside and photograph in beautiful surroundings rather than just taking a quick snap inside the hallway like many did. These two points are also what makes your submission stand out from the others.Your submission make such a unique statement that I actually find it hard to find suggestions for improvement - you could add more s but then I  it would detract from the pretty/functional contrast, which is a very strong statement in your first .From your submission I've learned to be more attentive to contrasts within the , and to where and how you photograph the  . And also that sometimes less is more. Thank you! :)""I assume this is the same  photographed from different angles.Congratulations on a nice looking . It has all he colours of the  rainbow.I find it interesting that you kept some of the s in the plastic covers, and I am sure that helped to make the  more steady. Good idea.Prom the pictures, it looks like yu could have utilized the hich heeled s a bit more to add height, but maybe that would have made the structure woobly, so who knows.I have learned that I get plastic covers for my s. Thanks :-)""Your  looks very strong, and I like the changing colours from top to bottom. The upper part looks very challenging to make, and it gives the impresson of a speer. I  you could have improved your height to number of s ratio if you took away the pink slippers down in the front, nbut then again, it would not be so pretty.I learnt the importance of making a robust base."It is agreeable to most if not all participants are particular about balancing the  and keeping a high T value. We have focused so much on that we have that we forgot what the  looked aesthetically. Comparing the two s the participant has made, it showed a lot of improvement and improvement is also a part of creativity. I have to commend that using the last  to stand vertically smart in an attempt to push the height further. There are no problems with someone helping you throughout the exercise but I seemed like with the partner laying the foundation and both of them just stacking s into the  that credits should be given to the partner instead.An A for effort. :) It was a nice . Building s with heels is not all that easy, I found out myself. I like to top of the . The bottom is a bit boring to watch, in color and shape, but then again, it is hard to not make it look boring. The top was suprising. It was really interesting to learn that you got some inspiration from the Egyptian pyramids. Also, it is amazing that you managed to get so stable and high  using relatively few s."A lot of work was done and a logical approach taken.I found the use of the boots and heels interesting - both made quite artistic s.We are if course limited by the resources we have - I was in the same position with my !  I personally  a good job was done with what was available.  Its not as if we can go into a  shop and start building a  with the most beautiful and most useful s.I learned that I was not the only one with a limited supply of s and had to go elsewhere.  We were both limited by the resources we had to work with.""Yes, I agree that you have used your creativity to create a beautiful, colourful  with an interesting structure.I looked at a lot of s and didmt see any quite like this one.  Top marks for being unique.I dont  I have any critical comments.  I was impressed by the  and really liked it.I learned yet another way of building a   and that perhaps you just have to keep on trying until you get the best you can possibly make.  My problem was limited resources but this was not a problem for the building of this ."Hi! It is great to see that you thought so differently about the assignment as I did. I would never have thought about these kind of s and really like them. I do however not see how these s could practically be a ; When building my own  I soon found out that - without extra aid/support - s are really unstable and difficult material to build a  with. I did not know these s before, and do like to now know about it. Good luck with your next assignments!It is great that you have managed to "build" a  which is both stable and high. Well done! Also, it was very interesting and useful to read your reflections about engineering and creativity, thank you very much for sharing these!"I liked the flip flops on top.  It added a light-heartedness to the otherwise quite sombre, dark .  I felt I did a good job with the resources available.All of the s are unique in a small way.  I  the limited  supply made it a dark solid .I dont  the  was particularly beautiful.  I was disappointed with the lack of elegance.If I were to make a better , I would want access to more s.  I thought it was an excellent activity and with more resources I am quite sure I could have made a better  and had more fun."No doubt that this was beautifully done. It was clean and tall. The middle boot was clean and sleek as to elaborate the base's pop of colours hinting that it was the star of the project. The top most last  was just the icing on the cake. The participant made every last detail in the  fully functioning in helping him/her build the . I have no negative comments for the participant because I  the participant pushed his/her limits of creativity to make it both beautiful and tall almost comparable to the Eiffel . It is a good apportunity to express our creativity and innovation.  It is a chance to get rid off stress and work and build a  .  It is a good experince and it can rate it with 9/10. You have done a nice job.  I guess you have learnt alot from your trials.  Also,  I  you have realized that you are creative and you can do many beautiful things.  Trying to do things many times teach you what works and what does not work and encourage you to try different ways to see whether it works or not. You have done something interesting.  I agree with you if you use different attractive colors would be very nice.  Well done. You have done a nice job.  I guess you have learnt alot from your trials.  Also,  I  you have realized that you are creative and you can do many beautiful things.  Trying to do things many times teach you what works and what does not work and encourage you to try different ways to see whether it works or not. "Strengths:1. Firstly, I would say the idea of laying down a plus-shaped base is impressive. It adds for an artistic touch and also allows one to insert up to 4 slanted supporting s (like in this submission) to support the main structure.2. Secondly, I  the idea of turning one  upside down and placing another right-side up on top of it is great. It never came to my mind when I was designing a . I always tried stacking a  directly over another and obviously failed because of the irregularity of a 's shape. This technique provides for amazing stability!Unique Aspects:1. A unique thing about this design would be the sticking of those three s on top like that! It dramatically increased the 's height.Suggestions for Improvement:1. I would suggest that, as you've already pointed out, that the beauty of the design could've been enhanced. Although, the structure is good, the outlook is rather drab. More thought should have been put into this.Reflection: I, personally, learned a lot from this assignment. At first, I was ing that assessing the designs of others would be a futile endeavour. 'Doing' the thing is more fruitful. But now I've realized how important and educational peer review is. Looking at other participants' designs broadens your horizons, giving you new ways to  about the same problem. Providing feedback, in this way, is also really beneficial. It rewinds the whole building process in your mind and improves your critical ing skills by compelling you to  something through from top to bottom.""True engineer's approach for preparing something in that testing environment which is close to real evironmental factor. A very good approachI find it really unique and interesting that he consider the strength factor and defined strength metric that the iller should stay up and in standing position for atleast 5 minutes in real time environement and he did that :)My friend has done the stuff very cleanly and beautifully but I wish if he could have considered strong foundation for his project too.I have a lot from his project like how to build things in less resources. In my project, I have not considered better metric value because I really don't know which metric is good either less or too high. I  metric value is dynamic as per design."The work has done this with hardwork and she sounds very enthusiast. The idea of taken same kind of s for making  is very unique as sometimes we need variety of sizes to balance the . I personally believe, she should have taken her s as well in this project for making better and tall project. Only catch I am seeing in this project is pressue and weight on foundation of this  will be too immense as same kind and same valued structure is used for foundation to top. I personally believe, her foundation will be weak. Personally, I believe overall project has guided me in creating better project next time if given.Superb...!!! that's what I want to say. It is a very good  to see. "Technique - BrilliantBeautiful Standalone 7.5/10Evaluation was hard""Well done , its a good effort indeed. I really liked the way you put the jogger on the top, helped increasing the height;-PJust if you could have used some s of other shapes , it could make the  look more funky and interesting."Very good work! Its shows your creativity level, which I  is high."My  is strong. I have focused on two things, foundation of  which should be strong and height factor too. Built successfully After reviewing my peers, I have found that I should have to consider more joggers rather ladies s etcI can make it more beautiful now."Very good work! Its shows your creativity level, which I  is high.The over all conclusion  that can be made after the evaluation of my peers I consider my assignment a creative one as I have put my own ideas and creativity for making it . It is a well structured  but It could have been more unique if it was taller . Addition to that I  it's the creativity of my mind that I've put into this . I can rate it as a good  .A pretty interesting one indeed. the choice of the s and the colors are really interesting and creative and the way they are put together makes a good  The main idea of building a   "" is properly comprehended by this assignment. It is a well designed and well structured power with unique shapes that enhances the levels of creativity. I would suggest that the first attempt was the best one as it conveys the message of a perfect  with the high heels on top which makes it more fancy and unique ! Overall it is a great example of creativity and how a simple   can be made creative .This work of creativity is a well structured and firm  with a unique pyramid shape , the way s are stabled onto oneanother is quite Interesting . In addition I would like to suggest that top could have been improved to give a proper cone shape. Overall it's a great and unique  and gives an idea of how it can be structured in different shapes."The s are arranged very well to make a stabilized  The use of joggers was intelligent because it gave the  more height Colourful s could have been used to make it more beautiful "An excellent demonstration of creativity by my peer, the innovation was commendable and earned her extremely good Height/no of s ratio. I would as it unique because my peer has made use of simple design to achieve remarkable ration, showing creativeness. I do not have anything to ask for revision. Exceptional effort has opened up my mind. I would certainly make some ammends next time to be more creative."Nice work buddy. Picking long s really gave you an advantage and is interesting as well.I would suggest that you could have used s of other colors as well just to make it look more fun, i mean ,achieving the T-value is not the only task, i hope you get y point:-)But its pretty cool."nice effort.  but i  more could be done . you could have used more s and more colors to it. there is much more capacity of improvement in it."you got a huge collection of s, i must say :-pBut nice effort . You are right that your  looks homogenous in terms of colors. you could have used s of other shapes and colors so that it becomes more eye catching""Very constructive , glad to view that.Not unique.I learned a lot from it as the design was a bit newer. used some creativity which worked.""Beautiful6.5/10Ive learned2 creative ideas by evaluating 2 peers""very nice work. I really liked the way you chose the colors and put them together, and the cherry of the cake really takes the cake :-pwell done !"I like the colour scheme that the student is using. I really like the base of the  because it is so strong. One can go even higher with such a strong base if one has more number of s. What I learn is that the person have tried many ideas many times without being discouraged. Pretty cool. the colors are really exotic, Building 85 cm  with just 6 s looks your creativity.  An excellent demonstration of creativity by my peer, the innovation was commendable and earned him/her extremely good T value. I would as it unique because my peer has made use of simple design to achieve remarkable ration, showing creativeness. I do not have anything to ask for revision. Exceptional effort has opened up my mind. I would certainly make some ammends next time to be more creative."very beautiful and wisely approached project.Different type of s are used and implementation of this project need serious approach to balance. balanced with very good approachBeing a critic, again problem seems to be with foundation strength.Learn't that how to build big  and what kind of s to be taken at which layer."An excellent demonstration of creativity by my peer, her innovation was commendable and earned her good Height/no of s ratio. I would as it unique because my peer has made use of good foundation structure to build upon, showing creativeness. The number of s in the foundation could have been reduced so as to increase the ration. I have learnt a lot by reveiewing my peer. I would certainly make some ammends next time to be more creative."Wrong Calculation-35inches=88.9cm/7=12.7I should've given it another thought&calulated it properly "This is absolutely an out of the box approach. Since it is not made according to the provided guidelines, it may be a good example of diverse ing ! The thing which interested me in the very first glance was its being inverted. If i were in your place, i would have done it as per guidelines. It seems to me that a rebellious approach might interest people but they might not themselves want to adopt the same path.I tried my best to come out with a good  . It was unique in the sense it did not have any great creativeness in it.  I would like to revise my effort to show my creativeness. I have learnt a lot from this exercise and have also learnt to  out of the box. Really happy to be doing these assignments! love themGood attempt by my peer despite limited resources. He has shown his creativeness by drawing out the sketch on paper. The T is good for him considering number of s. There are many things in his assignment. SKetch is good idea but picture may have helped more. I have learnt good bit from his effort. Keep up good work."  is really looking strong.He has worked on foundation and ed it very beautifullyMy friend has calculated wrong T value. if height is 89 cm and there are 16 pair of s then total number of s are 32. T=H / sT=89 / 32T=2.78I have learnt how to build strong foundation without excessive resources""The s are being arranged to make it more stabilized Tried to used different types of s Should have given more attention to make it more beautiful too This exercise taught me that creativity can be shown even with smallest and most simplest things  ""Strengths:1. One of the strengths, I , in this design is the relatively high T value.2. The technique of sticking a  in the opening of another was used effectively.3. This sticking ensured the primary  in the middle remains sturdy, and doesn't start vibrating too much.Unique Aspects:1. A unique aspect about this design would be the rather peculiar-looking central . It greatly enhances the design's beauty.Suggestions for Improvement:1. A taller central  could have been achieved by correspondingly increasing the height of the supports.2. Greater attention should have been paid towards making the design even more beautiful. Reflection:I, obviously, learned a lot from this assignment. At first, I was ing that assessing the designs of others would be a futile endeavour. 'Doing' the thing is more fruitful. But now I've realized how important and educational peer review is. Looking at other participants' designs broadens your horizons, giving you new ways to  about the same problem. Providing feedback, in this way, is also really beneficial. It rewinds the whole building process in your mind and improves your critical ing skills by compelling to  something through from top to bottom.""Use of different type of s is interesting and creative The different color s also give it a beautiful appearance Don't  you are not creative because you are .you just need to feel creative "Interesting one. the choice of brown s really give a specific theme to the  but i  you should have also used s of some other colors as well just to make it look more colorful and eye catching."I find building approach very interesting and amazingly beautifulDesign is very uniqueI   I need image of this design to see the creativity of my friend. I still fail to comprehend if this design can be implemented with s or I need to have specific information of s he is using. When he is saying one row vertically, it means that vertical  must have strong base but I fail to find any  having strong and firm (stone like) foundation which can help it to stand vertically and further took weight of entire upper stories. I will suggest my friend to re-consider his design or show us a magic what he did or perceived.I am still trying to grasp how this design will work. I hope that I will learn a lot once I will grasp the implementation idea from this hypothetical version."The explanation of the activity is pretty cool and interesting. The good thing is admitting the assistance one gets and giving due credits. So this is amazing to know how fun it was for you stand a . The appealing thing is the colorful  and the way they are supporting each other. Additionally, as the friends and family suggested it was looking even nicer with the kids s at the peak. Even though it doesnt look much clean and nice however, its very colorful and making it appealing. it could have been better if the s had been used in a order. This is an interesting way of describing thing. Well done. keep it up!Well done ! It seems that you have made it with interest. Usually, people use more s in the base, to make the base strong but you have chosen to build it on just one , which looks very artistic and aesthetic. Just those open  laces are not much complimenting overall arty look ! What I have learned from this is.... if one is creative, he/she can start a project with a unique approach like yours, i.e, erecting the  on one ."Strengths: 1. The first plus point of this submission, I would say, would be the height that was achieved. 85 cm is big deal. Great going!2. Secondly, I  the shape of the , a triangle, allows for great stability, which negated the effect of the irregular contours of a regular  causing imbalance.Unique Aspects:1. I am greatly impressed by the tiny amount of time taken to build this structure. In my case, I went through countless failures and an array of designs before achieving a stable  a full hour later.2. I would commend the builder's resilience here as well of being able to complete the task in spite of the presence of a child! I, myself, have plenty of experience with kids, so I can definitely relate to this.Suggestions for Improvement:1. Well, I  that the amount of s used could have been lessened. 30 is a lot of s. I  building a stable design could have been just as easily achieved with a smaller number of s. Also, I , using so many s also takes away much of the beauty of a design.2. Secondly, I  that other designs should have been explored instead of collecting the s on top of one another. For example, making a square with four s and going up from there.Reflection:I, obviously, learned a lot from this assignment. At first, I was ing that assessing the designs of others would be a futile endeavour. 'Doing' the thing is more fruitful. But now I've realized how important and educational peer review is. Looking at other participants' designs broadens your horizons, giving you new ways to  about the same problem. For example, when I was making the  , after several attempts, I convinced myself that it's impossible to create a  by stacking the s on top of one another. Well, after seeing this design, it's certainly falls within the limits of human potential! Providing feedback, in this way, is also really beneficial. It rewinds the whole building process in your mind and improves your critical ing skills by compelling to  something through from top to bottom.""WELL! its a quite colorful and funky kind of a  which shows my aesthetic sense. i used all kinds of s including joggers, sandals , slippers and belle flats as well which makes it quite interesting. but there are many other creative ideas i came across while evaluating other s.the assignment really really helped me enhance my creative skills and  critically. Hope to get new ideas and learn new things in the coming new assignments.""OMG, that's a pretty interesting  i see. Good effort, i really liked your creativity, better than mine of course:-DThe colors you picked are giving the  a funky look. From this  i have learned so many new things and discovered new ideas i couldn't even  off. Really helped enhance my critical and creative ing."That's a very awesome  you have made. I will give it 8 in creativity and 7 in beauty. You made so many attempts and that is a great thing in my opinion. Also you have made a very strong base and type of s that you have used are quite awesome and good looking. More colour's would have made your   awesome. What I learn from your assignment is your willingness to try more. "Strength of my project is less resources but tall I have got better metric by using even less resourcesNow I , I can make better project having better height and good foundation; obviously with good aesthetic sense.I have learnt a lot from my peers. If I would have chance I will certainly come with better output""Positive: You were able to complete your  in fewer attempts which is a positive sign. Unique: Shape and size appealed to me.  Revision: You could have used less s. Remember that you can get a larger T value with smaller   that is where creativity comes. Education:""nice work man. The colors of the s is eye catching and you used them in a creative way.Just if you could have done something interesting with the laces (looks a bit messy) , to make it look even better. But again, nice effort :-)""Building 45cm long  with just 5 s is stunning, well done.But i  you could have made it better by adding more s with different shapes and colors. its a  ,TOWER ;-) ""Positive: The submission was different in terms of shape and size. Nice job!Unique: Well the shape of the   itself is unique. Revision: Honestly, I can't offer you any improvements. The   is perfect! Education: I learnt that using a stronger base can help you create a large  . "Very good work! Its shows your creativity level, which I  is high."It is a very beautiful example of how creativity can be used in such assignments .  It contains the basic elements of how it would have been made more creative . The stylish heels and it's shape makes it a unique  .  My suggestion is that if the base had been been more solid then the stricture would have looked More structured . Overall it's a fabulous piece of creativity well structured and well designed ."Not so bad. But it may should be more creative,This is a nice and clean . The T-value is amazing. The good thing is the control over the activity and doing it well. however i believe if the student would have put more efforts it could've come up with a taller and more goodlooking . Its really good effort i must say. Keep it up Bravo!Height and creativity is the key in this  . Who says you should strict to rules. One just need accomplishment. But this   lack badly in colour selection and beauty. Beside there are too few attempts one should give more attempts to make it beautiful. As it is my  and from that I have learn that an idea which sound crazy at first can give you a lot to learn since there are no rules to follow. The description of the activity is very well highlighted. Also, it shows the belief of the person in himself and the quality of admiring one's activity. This is very important for the success in life. It was a good effort with explaining the facts of the exercise, however, it could have been more expressive and impressive with a digital image reflection. Visuals are very important for making things more appealing. Therefore, I suggest very honestly to be as expressive as you can with as much ways you can to make your words heard. I learned that there are so many ways with what you can explain and one of them is a good describing ability. Keep it up Bravo!"Reading on it now I have to congradulate myself because I thaught I did a good job. I was motivated by what seemed a barrier, the T formula, maybe if I had more things to be measured by in other aspects of my life, I would be more motivated in doing them. I noticed I appreciate my own work because I know I putted effort on making it. On the other side I learned for next time I could try and be more loose and free about the design, I could try various ones.Nevertheless I keep ing my  was beautiful because of all the colours and styles s, plus I had a great T value.""First of all I have to congradulate your process. The fact that you thought so much about what to do first is a big plus. To analyze anything you are going to do in life is a great way to try and not make mistakes. But I got to recomend you to try more your ideas, maybe if you tried more than 2 of your concepts for the  , another idea might have come to mind or even work better than what you already had. What I learned from you, specially with that last  , is to try and be more free when creating, to forget about technicalities in a way you can achieve something out of the box.""First of all congradulation because you made of your first try! That was definetely your previous work of thiking and analyzing before you made it. I see you are very autocritical, and you thought about how you could do better from that. And from that comes my recomendation, you should never stay only with your first attempt, you can always do better, be autocritical and apply what you  can make it better. Just like you analyzed and delivered your first attempt, maybe do a second or third attempt and I assure you will get different and even better results.What I learned from you is to be more autocritical and analyze things before making them.""Positive: Good job. He shows effort and creativity.Unique: A great effort to provide balance to the  .Revision: A defect could be the variety of colors.Education: I appreciate your fortitude and patience to do the job.""Good work, sometimes more is the best.Your comment about the kind of s is important.I like the stetic with the models used in your . ""Great job, consider element of structure and simple design, its minimalist, I like because if you see quickly you  it's with 4 s, but inside the boots have another s to support the , Work in the image and the stronges.Creativity 9.""I  the  have balance and order , and its really well structure and the person use so few s to do it and  thats a merit, What make unique the  is the form that the person give i,t with such a few s, I like it that is not appear to fall down it seems like it have a very good base in that only .Probably the next time the person should ask for help with the dog or other circunstances during the process of building or perform something, because he/she may not be such frustrated and be more calm in the process.Is difficult for me to give an opinion of my own work because sometimes I am very critical but in order to explore this part of myself , I like very much to give my opinions or ideas that can help others or emphazise their creativity in the process.""Positive: I fulfilled the assignmentUnique: I gave the base resistance, increasing the separation between s.Revision: I used as many s as possible.Education: I learned that I can be creative even with trivial things."The most I like is the balance, as you said. Its not that tall, but is a good looking ."I  that this person has a very big imagination and that's very good, I also  that the story he made, that come in his head with his  s, helps to determinate certain colors that he use as ground, like sand,  etc.Probably He try to make a kind of volcano, something unique and  try to  alze it among all s, I will suggest that he  makes a base more uniform to achieve his thought,  without losing his idea in the process.I learned that some people have very things in their minds and sometimes is easy to capture the moment and sometimes for other people is more difficult to do it."You made it the same way I did it. It really is a , same size at all levels. Really good work.I  the best thing of your  is your positivity. You could have done it higher, but as you said, not better."I  that I did a good job. I made a firm basis in my , it fail about twice then I realize that some s did not have the hardness strong enough to withstand other. So I made itMy unique idea from the start was that these two colors should remain between the darkest and I wanted to be right in the middle because I wanted to make a special design. I could probably do more prototypes a few more times, to see that it can be more high. I  that I am a creative person or, rather, that I have a main idea, and did not let it escape in the initial plan.I can be better and can intend to make fly my creativity more in other opportunities as they present.""Positive: He fulfilled the objectives of the assignment.Unique: He sought to give strength to the base, using big s.Revision: He used few s. Failure took on the challenge of using more s, which had appreciated their creativity. Also, he evaluates himself low, despite having done a good job.Education: I appreciate its simplicity to see things.""This was positive, when you grade your own work you use the resource of friend to get the feedback and that was good, but remember that you can also use the comparative with others works to gain more feedback, I realize that the work is not about building the  of s, but what you learn in the process, and with only one model in mind even if you realize the meaning behind the assignment, you didn't gain the experience to create multiples models and s ways to improve them.  I  is important that we'll go thought the cycle Model - Fail - Feedback - Model, so we can learn more about our own Ideas.""I believe that this person do a good job and  it was rational and analytical in the process and in their attempts to realized it needed stability in her of his . What makes unique his idea is the analysis that he makes through the process, since it concerns to consider the colors and the material that he use to create his unique . It shows that he is a person who likes to have a symmetry in a whole.Probably he/she, understand that its not a perfect  even assuming perhaps the formula that we all have to do; is just probably the measure of their creativity that matters. I believe that there are people who are autocritican to be best and others who give their point of view to make it better, and questioned some points of the process, I  this point of view is unique as the others""This   is the most elegant I ever seen!  It has a soft texture and a beutiful color, even it has rather short length. The basis of the structure is quite stable. Perhaps I would have to put the second blue  at the top.   This feedback makes me to slow down, and look at the things twice in order to give a relevant comment.""You have done a really tall  ! With T= 3.3, with a height of 63 cm. This small T is explained because the basis is formed by various s, and this go upper and upper.  Why dont you try to organize the  by colors? What I have learned with the feedback is to be more conscius in this activity. ""Positive: It was a positive, because I learn  from failure, I also structure the work to make it understandable and clear,  I use the T value to measures the use of the resource ""s"", I also use different models of  s evaluate witch of them will get the better result.It wasn't artistic or go for a good design, I only go for the goal ""the taller "",and  sometimes is good to  outside the box, because sometimes is the best way to innovate, it was good to get the feedback through the comparative with others works, but will be also good to get opinions of friends or others persons to get more feed back""This is great I see you, made  multiples models and also learn from failure, make you every step closer to the goal you where seeking, I was a good thing you look from a feedback from your friends to grade your work, but can also make a comparative of your work with others in the forums, so you can gain more feedback, and It was a good  to go for a good design, I guess the the T value is to measure the efficient of the  in the use of the resource ""s"". But in our time is also good to look for the design, because clients are looking for a good design.But you grade yourself a 10, remember that when you  is perfect, in ""Perfect"" there will be no room to improvement, and that idea will stop the rolling snow ball of creativity, and that will be a shame."Your  is very beautiful, Have a lot of glamour and a unique style.You need to work to find more stability maybe flat s.. Fantastic ."The   looks tall and strong, with an amazing T = 12.8! It uses only 5 pieces, including 2 boots. It a simple, minimalist proposal, that works very fine. It is a very stable structure, and it might be interesting to make a proof with common s. Congratulations. I learned a lot: to pay more attention to details in order to communicate my ideas, and also to celebrate others achivements."Only an engineer( or someone with an engineering background ) could have described the making of this   as clearly and as interesting as possible. It's making the most of what you have.  way to go!  It's interesting to read about symmetric and colour composition, and i can only imagine how interesting and fun to see a picture of the finished product,  although it has been described so well,i can almost see it.  Evaluating another person's work is a wonderful learning experience because you are introduced to different points of view and  you get inspired by another person's work and commitment, The   is pretty upright and it looks stately. Importantly, i still  it looks like a contemporary building. The  could have been built taller by carefully stacking each pair. I saw some interesting s made of ladies s. I should have used some stilletos to build a head piece for my .Hi, in my opinion the number of attempts you did until you got the   that satisfied you was already part of the creative process.  From your description I  we both came to the same realisation that we need to consider the type and weight of s that we include in the .  I mainly used men's s at the base which were bigger and weightier and topped by   with my lighter s.  This way I was able to build a tall  .  Reflecting on your statement about not being creative I totally understand as most of the time I also  that way about myself.  But the literature says otherwise.  We are creative.  We just need to accept this and junk other people's opinions that says otherwise.The  is simple. There was not much of creativity but the effort was there, Good try!As a man, it is surprising to me how you made a   out of high heeled s. To me it's unable and I congatulaye you for that. Indeed you have lovely s.For me it's a lot more interesting to see a stack of ladies s than a stack of men's s. i  you could have made a head piece for the  ( a crown) by pointing all the heels of the s on top upwards. . The next time an assignment to make a   comes up, I'll make sure to borrow my wife's s as materials. Cheers!"I believe that your ability to try different designs in every attempt and the fact that you are able to experiment different possibilities despite the fact that you are under a time limit is creative enough for you to gain a higher creativity score for me. I personally  that creativity is not something that is overt. It is not about how beautiful your final project is. I do believe that creativity is something that occurs inside your mind - your determination to reach a certain goal, your ability to  outside the box, your ability to experiment and try a variety of possibilities, your ability to adapt and survive through different challenges, and many more.I  that this is a misconception that many people have about creativity. They see it in terms of the final product. When I was in high school, I joined an oratorical contest in which I lost. After that, my teacher mocked me for not being creative. She told me that I have no talent and that I looked stupid on stage (yes, she broke some laws in teaching by telling me those harsh words but I chose not to report her because I was pretty scared of her back then). What she did not see is that, I practiced really hard for a month. I have practiced so hard that there times that my mom (who was a champion orator during her time) and I would stay up late at night just to train. I was pretty determined to win but unfortunately, this determination is also shared by other competitors and the judges were not looking for the kind of result I gave on that stage during that day. But was I not creative? Should those sleepless nights and determination go unnoticed just because I failed? Perhaps, the fact that only that teacher gave me a negative comment and my other teachers and classmates were proud of what I have done disagrees.My only point here is that creativity is not something that is manifested materially. I believe that your   is really good and unique since you put much effort to it despite the time pressure. This is creativity - effort, determination, will, and adaptation.""I don't  that there is much more to say about my  . I have already said everything in the activity but I want to emphasize the message I was trying to convey in my finish product - the importance of adaptation. My aim for this assignment is not just to be creative and make a  full of messages. My aim is to share something that I learned as I suffer from many wrong life decisions in the past. I took this course because I believe that it could change my outlook in life and make me a better person amidst my problems. But more importantly, what compelled me to sign up for this course is the final C in CIC, which is ""Change.""Change is a very important aspect of life. In our everyday life, we are presented with a huge variety of experiences in which we shall adapt and survive. It is inevitable for us to have experience. Even if we escape our problems, we are still going to be presented with an experience. As long as you breathe, you will not escape it so you shall learn to embrace it and adapt in it. And to adapt, you shall evolve. You shall change in accordance to your current experience. Your valued solution for a certain problem is not a guaranteed solution to the next. Think of video games. You cannot beat a level 10 boss with your level 1 tactics. You need to change your game plan in order to win. This is just as true with real life. My   which represents my problems is an upward path, meaning, it gets intense every step. I need to change my game plan every step to make sure I would not fall back down. Evolution is an important part of life. We must not be afraid of change. We must embrace it."Great job, Rob! Do better on the next activities. Unleash your creativity!Good foundation analysis. Need to consider the shapes of s used as this parameter greatly affects the stability of how they are stacked against each other.  But the geometric requirement of a tapering shape to the top was met successfully.  I like the way you recognized the importance of your s in representing your life's great experiences.  Good work!"I like the structure per se. The structure is simple but looks very stable. I also like the fact that for you to make the  stable, you picked certain types of s to fit in well. Also, the idea of putting up designs and trying to attempt are very good ways of expression of your creativity. Design wise, as I have mentioned it is very simple, so it would have been nice to have placed something a bit different or odd in the . Though I have mentioned that to make the  stable, I liked the idea of picking out certain types of s, it would have been nice to see a risk in picking out s that would probably be not as stable, but would probably help improve the design or the aesthetics of the . Overall, I really like the concept. The process on how you went to the final design, and how you rated yourself, because I would probably rate it the same overall. :) I also learned how I went through a pretty similar process as yours, and that I realized that more or less people go through similar situations everyday and that it is just how you deal with things that makes things different from one another :)"Amazing! You built a cantilever  ! Justn kidding! At first I thought it's cantilevered because it is protruding out of the wall. little did I realize that the picture was rotated 90 degrees counterclockwise. Seriously, your   looks sturdy and stable. Virtually interconnected, you built a literal  that it could be an engineering wonder. I also didn't understand what the exercise is all about but I just did it anyway. I  you could have built a taller  had you persisted. What I learned from your   is the way we can use the natural features of objects for them to be stable and steady. Cheers!Hi, I love the effort you made for this project! I agree that the paper  is pretty. I enjoyed reading the process that you went through and the limitations that you had. I believe you could still improve your   by applying more focus on it like the one you did on your paper . You have great initiative for ideas.You are pretty creative with the way you worked around those high heels! That's exactly what i would have done had I had a pair to work with. 5 is too low for your creativity; I'd say 8 at least. Great job!"The first thing that comes in my mind when I saw this   was ""Wow! This   has plenty of s!"". It seems like the student put out all of their s just to build a high  , and this is interesting especially the little s of the kids on top!I  the   would be more pleasing to the eyes if it was arranged by color. This will make the   more fun to look at. I know that it is really hard to build a  . You need to plan first and  of other options on what you should do if plan A does not work. "Wow! Your  is really high. I am impressed with what you have created and I have learned a lot from your reflection. Your  is very neat and concrete. I can say that you have planned very well this activity. You could have experimented more given that you have lots of s. You could have made a different shape for your . From your work, I have learned that planning is very important before making an action. It could have been more convincing to be a tall  if it was not taken from an angled shot making appear to be tall. Good enough.The effort in the ing process was done well. The balance and stability of the   could have been a little more polished. Colors are great for aesthetic purposes. I love the positive attitude in self-evaluation of the creativity and aesthetics scale. I  you need a good level of optimism and self-belief that you could do things that seem limited or impossible to get things done."Wow, that was tall!  Very nice arrangement of foundation with the high points concentrated in the middle to gain height.  I  you're and engineer.I can't believe my eyes looking at those high  to s. How'd you do that?I should rate your  with a 10!  You are underestimating yourself, and humble too.  You are more creative and persistent than you ."This is a really good  . I  that the combination of all your family member's s and forming them into a house is really great and has a powerful positive message. I personally  that every   made by every student in this activity reflects something that is important to them. It reflects something that is unique and is part of their personality. Having your family reflect yours is really something beautiful and signifies how important it is for you that they remain strong and intact. This is absolutely a good sign, especially for your son because I do believe that the only way for a child to develop a positive and balanced personality is for him to grow in a healthy, loving, and strong family. I wish for all the best for you and your family. :)Seems like a lot of smart planning went into the making of this  , i wouldn't have thought of using boots, much less slipping more s into them to provide a sturdier structure.  It's ingenious at the least and creativity to the max.  interesting to see high heels hanging at the top,  and if there where clogs underneath the boots they could've added more height.  But still this is a cool mix.  I would've wished i thought of the boots,  i realize there are so many ways in making a   that just piling them one on top of the other.  giving feedback provides me the chance to look at a   objectively and appreciate the work of other people as well as mine."I was able to build a high   and I am so happy about it. This is actually what I have in mind before starting to work on it. When I saw the   of one of my classmates, I told myself that I should improve next time. I was like ""Wow! This   is cool!""   When I  about this exercise, I thought it was easy. When I started working on it, I experienced how difficult it was to build a high  . My dilemma was I don't have plenty of colorful s. This is because I want my   to be colorful so it will be more fun to look at. I am glad because this course allows everyone to see the work of others. I have learned to carefully plan first and  of different options before doing the task. Visualizing is also important. I am now ready to work on the next exercise and hopefully, my work will be better compared to my first exercise. :)""The Structure of the   was made to make it sturdy enough to carry the weight of each ,   it's a 'happy '  filled with happy memories of family bonding and games.  It's a happy mess.Interesting to note though that there was not a single ladies' ...... but there is somewhere there squished between the massive s is a pair of warm fluffy pair of bunny s that the lady of the house only uses when she's in the entertainment room.it could have been a tidier much more colorful   though with a pair of Manolos on top, but i don't wear heels, and i don't have Manolos. I learned that every exercise is a learning experience. And i learned that to be critical and to give feedback to one's own work is probably the hardest thing to do."This is a distinct expression of creativity! Good job! Nice!Great assortment of s used in building the . It is OK that you  that you've just achieved 7.5 for now. That means there's still room for improvement!Good luck on the next activities."The   was impressively documented with a clean background. It looks like a gigantic exhibit of s carefully crafted to impress the crowd! The  was indeed colossal and strongly built. It projects elegance, symmetry and balance. The T-value was relatively high at 9.While the  was relatively tall and well designed. More could have been done if more s were used. Considering the same concept and design, with more s used, the  would look more rich and powerful!I learned that there is no limit to our imagination if we try, and that we learn more and more if we zealously look at things that can be improved with our product... "I have a strong affinity to planning, with all those anticipations, background studies, things to do, etc. etc.  My excitement builds up at the start, and then comes the implementation.  This stage becomes the lesson learning process because some ideas that are planned cannot be attained for some reason or another.  But at least the creative process of doing things will always be based on good planning.  The best thing is the persistence and patience gained from a series of failures and disappointments.  I have proven once again that improvement is continuous, and the journey is as equally exciting as the destination.Your  looks neat, good and firm. I agree with what your husband said; your work is made with logic. In my opinion, you could have created a higher  if you experimented more with the number of s you have. I like the fact that you did not give up on building a higher . I learned that you just have to try and try until you are truly satisfied with your work.Hello,  I like your  .  It looks so precise, balanced and the lines are clean.  The  looks steady and not in danger of falling off.  Mix of colours is also attractive.  The  could be taller though but I guessed these were the available pairs you could get your hands on in the meantime.  Your  is so steady it looks like it can take on maybe 2 or 3 layers of s.  Reflecting on your   vis a vis mine,  I  balance is very important.  There are many ways of achieving balance.  In this case I   2 pairs of s was used as a base and choosing the proper  type and weight is crucial in maintaining balance and steadiness in the .  So the base might be like a rectangle. In my first   I formed a triangle using 3 pieces of s and I was able to build a tall   but used too many pairs.  In my second   I just used a pair but paid attention to the type and weight of the s I used and was able to build a taller  with less number of s.  There are are so many ways of skinning the cat but some are more efficient and effective than some.  Collaboration and comparing of notes is an efficient  way of determining the more effective option."Hi there! I have the same experience as yours, it was indeed difficult stacking and balancing the s to come up with a  . Kudos to us since we patiently tried  to come at least with a relatively tall  with the limited s we have. Your  was taller than what i came up. That's great! I wish to see the whole  with the help of the photo, unfortunately a technical glitch may have occurred during the uploading process. At times things are beyond our control...   I learned that we have different views of creativity. Some  out-of-the box that they forget that there are rules/instructions to consider and follow. "Hi! I love your  ! It's great because you arranged it looking perfectly balanced and stable. It was also interesting that you did not need to use a lot of s but still be able to get that height. You did not go the way other students did for using more s, well like I did. I learned from your submission to  more about the goal and not to look too much on the instructions so I could generate more ideas like you did."Hi there! Your   T-value was impressively high at 13, which means you really maximized and thought of stacking the s together to come up to that value. Your  was indeed colossal and strongly built with the help of the boots.I wish to see the whole  with the help of your photo, but it was so focused at the upper part I couldn't see the full details. While the  was enormously tall, the  can be improved by considering symmetry to its design. Since s comes in pairs, then the s can be put or stacked in a manner it will look balanced with a magnificent design. I learned that we have different views of creativity. Some  out-of-the box that they forget that there are rules/instructions to consider and follow. ""I  that the structure was well done. It looks wiggly like you have mentioned, but you did maintain it to stand, so it's big plus points for you. The structure is unique, and I  it was well thought and a lot of tries to come up to this. I  the structure is really good, but hopefully next time it won't look as wiggly and it would be not slanted (as it looks slanted on the photo). But I  it still works fine, as it looks like part of the design of the structure too :)The structure reminds me of a satellite , and reminds me of how we can be able to achieve what we want if we just put mind and heart into it. ""The first time I saw this  , I told myself that I need to improve my next exercise. Hahaha! Kidding aside, I love how it was built. The colors and textures are nice. The student really thought on how to make his/her   to be different from the rest. The   is pleasing to the eyes. This is so cool. My only concern here is that the  laces are not tied well. I  it will look more neat if the  laces are tied or hidden inside the s. But, if the purpose of the student is to add it as a design, no problem with me. :)Thank you for allowing other students to see the work of everyone. It helps us to see how creative and innovative we can be out of simple things.""Congratulations! I'm really impressed how quick you built so beautiful  ! It is pleasure to look at it - especially accuracy with colours and shapes. It is visible that everything is done purposeful.You wrote it was only one attempt- so my small question is what could be change if you can make it again using more attempts?""I made it! The   is standing proudly and doesn't plan to fall apart. As planned, it's also not supported by wall or any other object.From what I've seen in other Courserant's projects it seems that many of us went through the same process: first - build pretty  from many s, two - count T value and be disappointed how low it is, three - demolish  and pick just few s, four - pile them on top of another. After giving feedback to others I realized that my T-value wasn't so bad and that the outcome wasn't really so miserable. It didn't stand out in both positive or negative way. It was a good  and I enjoyed making it. :)""When I read about you  it sounds like it was prepared by engineer - you took attention to all important aspects about material like shape, weight and "" balance in mind"".My small question is what be done in another way to make this  more  beautiful (9, not 7 - or maybe even 10?)? ""I've done a good job. I have had some interesting ideas and insights,  and I have build a high  considering the number of s available - very high T value. I was lucky that I was at my friend's house who had many s :)""Positive: a lot of s were used, the  was quite high, all required steps were completedUnique: tying laces was a nice ideaRevision: I'd advise to make at least 2-3 attempts, maybe with different approaches, at building the , also the submission for me lacked a kind of image of the , even a poor quality photo from cell or some kind of a sketch would doEducation: I was reminded once again the truth behind words: one image is worth a thousand words, and learned that something like ""church s"" exists ;D"The  seems to be very tied and nuanced - that is great. I really like the colors of s, which are usually black and here we can see blue and green and violet. The photo could be smaller to fit the screen. T value is interesting measurement parameter - however it gives you kind of strategy: make your  as high as possible using the minimum amount of s, and I  I managed to do so.Wow, I am ing "why didn't I  of that?!". Really cool idea and a very pretty . I see you thought it carefully through and achieved a great result! You used a minimum number of s to build a very tall , I  it is taller than 50cm. Well done!Maybe it is not so huge I would like it to be, but it gives the impression of the  where the psychopath could live. Or the dark wizard or any other freak. Ye, I like how creepy it looks."Your  is really colourful and beautiful. And it really does resemble the Eiffel ! It also can be seen at once that you put in an effort to complete the assignment. It is felt that you kept in mind the basic idea behind the assignment and that is learning through your own attempts at solving a problem. Your  showed me that I should look for more out of the boxes ideas in the future."I like this project, it is similar to mine. Putting s together in the feet hole is good idea. I can that your structure is stable, putting s in oposit directions gave them some balance. the whole structure remainds me a flower it is good a aesthetics and putting painting behaind was good too. I  creativity was 9 of 10 and aesthetics 10 of 10."I really like your !By the type of s I guess that you are female, nice s, by the way :)I liked the supporting base and then the structuring of the next levels. Great work with perserverance to to it all afternoon. Your T number is twice as high as the number of the person whom I assessed previously, so well done!All the best in your future creativity endevours!""At first, I want to tell my colleaque that this  isn't lack of creativity as everyone is creative in fact :-) One of the strengths of this submission is that the   was built in a very structured way, so the  seems stable. It's nice you used an over to make your  much higher. And the red s look pretty :-) It's also interesting that only 7 s were used and you reached the height about 83 cm and that means you had very high T value. My advice for this submission is that maybe you could have used more colorful and various types of s, for example from those seen around your  at the picture. But I understand you wanted to concentrate on building high  using not too many boots at the same time. Thanks to this submission I have realised that for some  builders it's important to find a simple way for building the highest  possible ans that some people prefer more structured way of constructing. "I know it's rather about the resources (not the builder,) but these are nice s ;). The method is not innovative but it works! It's a really huge , everybody would want that one in their house.Wow! Really great work. I can see you have worked hard on planning, preparation and execution. You have made a few s along the way. However it seems that the highest T you reached with your first attepmpt. Well done!I like how the s vary. Not necessarily kinds of s, but the fact that they refer to different people with different sexes and ages... and it still makes the impression of unity. Only a few of failures is an impressive result, as I find the  well-designed. On the other hand, the shape is not that good, but maybe it is me who don't like squares ;).I admire the number of s you gathered. I did not expect to find symbolism in   and I  it makes it very special. I would rotate the photo just to show the entire charm of your work. It is wonderful to see new things in our every day life!"I like the idea of your goal- so the  will be as high as your son. This is already a creative enough :-)You  is very simple and looks quite stable. I also like the idea of involving other family member- I've been building it by myself. ""Congratulations on your finishing your first project. Making  out of 8 s without them falling apart is challenging. Good job! I like that you've made four layers of different types of s, with the last  being exposed nicely on top. All of the colors were dark and went together well. I sounds like you were having fine while building the . That's great.If I were you I would remove the plastic bag from the bottom of the . Probably it was there to keep the floor clean (at least I hope so!), but it seems like you were holding the s together with the bag. As no other materials were allowed, it may seem like a cheating. Also the value of the  was closer to 10, than 11. ;) You said that you wanted to make your  in one attempt. Don't be afraid to experiment more. If you kept trying maybe you would end up with one epic . It seems that you're a very active person.Your  shows a little bit of your personality. It is really fun to see what you've made and see it with your eyes (through your comments). Keep having fun with this course!"Your  is pretty nice it remainds me of yenga . Also it remainds building  from lego blocks that i was building similar when i was young. I  it is a standard way to build more stable s, it is good but not as much creative as other way may be. Hi, I find it difficult to evaluate your submission as there is little content and no picture attached. I see that my  is not the most sophisticated one, but I like it, I would rate it even better now- I look at the picture and I'm smiling-mostly because of my favorite pair of s (yes, yes... the most colorful one). "Great work!I am really impressed by your s, I can only see the lower one, but I am sure that the taller one was even more impresive and totally acceptable by the rules. This is creativity, you could not use any external resources, but the sholaces were a part of the s themselves :)I liked the help of your children and wife and your ideas, the processes are also great and inventive, better than mine!If you were to improve the value of T, how would you do that? Have you thought about decreasing the number of s while keeping the hight of the  constant?All the best in your further creativity endevours!""Congratulations on finishing your first assignment. I enjoyed reading your descriptions as I went through similar process. I can see that you gave this project a lot of thought and that you've experimented with different solutions. :) Your T value it impressive!There is beauty in simplicity and I can see that in your project. After paying more attention to the laces I also managed to find the monster eye. This is what I call creativity and finding additional value in your work!I  that the grade you gave yourself was too low. You seemed to be having fun with the project, you tried different versions, you had a plan which you've modified and you did like the final look of the  . If you find it ""below acceptable"" maybe consider adding something on the top of it. Of course there would be the risk of lowering the T value, but it would look more exciting and maybe it would feel more satisfactory?Also please make sure that your picture is smaller next time, ok? It was hard to see how the whole  looked like.I  that this T value spoils the fun and limits our creativity, don't you ? I would love to see your pyramidal design.Have fun with your next assignments!""I have to say I'm really impressed by this sumbission! Undenaiably author took the challenge seriously and spend some time on research and building prototypes to find the best one and it paid off in final result. Also the process of making this prototypes is described very well and I can see remarkable commitment to solving this problem.For me the most interesting in this sumbission is the serious approach which gave interesting result and also result itself. Maybe it is not so neat but in the pursuit of the best T factor it is absolutely a win for me.As I've said before design is great when talking about best T value. In terms of style and beauty I would be more critical cause (just like you) my ""inner engineer"" looks for symmetry and known shapes. On the other hand don't be so critical about your creativity! I would rate it higher cause you've got out of known shapes or symmetry and ideas taught to find the best solution. In general I would rate this sumbmission very high for it's form and approach of the author.I've learned that maybe I should be more patient in finding the best solution and don't be in a such hurry to finish the work given. Sometimes tasks stretched in time give better results when ideas can ""rest"" in mind or on a paper to give even better ideas. Here time works for me rather than against."I   i could do much more i have now some other ideas how to build it again. I saw some similar approach in other students work. I  that this is a way to gain big T value. "Evaluation of one's own work is essential in the process of becoming more creative person although it may seem hard to value oneself. Having in mind how intensely I tried to build the highest  , the most interesting part of my construction is its structure. At the lower part I used the biggest boots that I collected from each member of my family. Thanks to this, my  seems stable. And the upper side of my building I find really unique, because it's much more thinner and lighter than lower part. I achieved this by using less s (and lighter ones) and changing the form of my construction form horizontal to vertical in order to make my  much higher. One advice I could give to myself is that I could have used more colorful s. From my own submission and the whole project of   Exercise I learned that no matter how many times the  would fall, there's always another more interesting way to build high construction that can come to my mind in a few minutes. What's more, sometimes it's really good to have a break when we become a bit frustrated and come back to the exercise after a while. I can say I did my best in this exercise and I'm almost fully pleased with my  . ""Hello! I like your   a lot - it seems like an engineering/architect job. Plus it's pretty. I'm also impressed with your descripton of work in progress - very detailed, it's as if I could watch you do this. I actually smiled when I was reading it. My advice for the next time - start with reading the instructions;), apparently it can save some hassle. Other than that I have no more friendly advice.There was one thing that made me wonder- 'I  creativity needs to be evaluated by comparison with others'. I'm not sure I agree (especially after module 2) but that's not the point. The point is that you made me  about the arguments for and against this statement. Thanks!""I am impressed by your  - it is really high, and it has a good T-rating. It is the first time I see boots in use - I  they were crucial to your achievement. I would advice you to take a better picture - I can see that the heater on the right would be definitely a better background for your .It was a pleasure to me to give you a feedback on your exercise - especially I had an occasion to see a completely different concept than mine.""In my opinion, the most important advantage of this submission is that this  looks a bit like a pyramid in its lower part. But the most interesting thing is the top of this  (it is funny and seems thin and light) and that you used quite unique technique to construe the upper side of your   - and it's nice because I used the same solution in my  :-) Another strengh of this submission - it is quite colorful and many different types of s were used. I know it would have been hard but maybe you could have tried to reduce the number of s a little bit. Thanks to this submission I have seen that some people may have the same ideas as me and this makes me sure I did very well in this exercise. ""Positive: a photo is included, all basic requirements are met, a few attempts were made at building the Unique: a very interesting architecture of the Revision: I don't really have an idea on what to improve without sounding mean, it's a well done assignmentEducation: I noticed how differently two people may interpret a really simple but not routine assignment, my  didn't look similar at all to this one""At first I have to say that I'm stunned by the simplicity of the approach and the result! It is so simple that it's hard to find such a solution when mind tries to find complicate the design to find the best one and in terms of the T value it is no doubt the best approach you can get.The most interesting thing is that you decided to go back to simple solution when already building (as I can guess) more complicated ones. Going back in design process isn't a thing that all of people are capable of.Obvious thing - it's not a  when you use just one ! The task was to build a  so personally I wouldn't be happy with such a design cause I would know that I'm bending the rules. On the other hand you have to be creative enough to come up with such idea and bending the rules is also a way to accomplish a goal. But maybe this type of creativity is not worth 10?I've learned for sure that creativity shouldn't lead to most complicated solution but like here to simplest one cause simplicity especially in design process often pays off in next parts of product life.""It's hard to evaluate myself but for positive things I would point out the approach and pursuit for best T factor.When compared to other submissions symmetry and solid layout of the  would be unique. Also kind of spaceframe layout isn't that much obvious when using s that aren't predictable building material and this one looks really solid.I  that number of attempts and time spent on searching for best solution wasn't enough to find the best one or just better one of which author is surely capable of.Hard one. What I've learned from myself? That as I've mentioned above such simple thing can be complicated more than I fought at first sight. Also that mistakes and attempts can really give better solutions rather than close doors for new ways of ing.""I'd love to see you  without support- it would be very interesting. I used trainer s, but I see that those you decide to use are better, as they are ""longer"" and somehow I  they are also easier to keep in place, as they are more stable/harder than s from softer fabrics. Good ide and well done exercise."I  the scheme colour was nice. But for the amount of s used I  I could had done better. But failure is important, so I  overall my  was a good attempt."Your project is according to what was asked and you followed the given guidelines in order to produce your masterpiece. The fact that you tried more than once shows you have grit and are ready to face difficulties when they come. A  of 61 cm is very impressive, given the fact that it is not easy to stack s without something to work as a ""spine"".I appreciated the fact that you spent around 15 minutes with your two attempts and were ready to devote more time to produce a higher . That persistence is very valuable in improving creativity and you are willing to invest time in it.As a suggestion, I only have a minor detail: you could use more color. From the photo, all your s seem black or dark. You may not use bold colors - that's fine - but the visual effect would improve in my opinion with the use of more color.As a teacher I am used to giving feedback, but differently. It is more interesting to give feedback like this than actually ""grading"" a person's work, which sometimes diminishes the value of the hard work invested in getting the work done. Congratulations. You did a great job.""it's an original project, a creative one and i  you have to be proud of it.Recognizing the fact that this project was something unprecedented, makes it more valuable.I believe that the inclusion of more color, would  improve the outcome.I'm not an expert in analysis, I only convey my emotions, my taste.""I saw, with precision, in the the explanations given, the  created. I liked it and was well structured.I returned from vacation and had very little time to devote to the exercise. It was the reason for not photograph the .Now, I  that would make it more anarchic.I want to learn more about creativity.""Well done.The  has been done with the s of the family it is very interesting.The answers simply and poorly structured. In my opinion the  is beautiful.""Hello!I  your  it is nice. My first thought was that you must have a lot of patience, just to balance the s in the way you put them. I  you thought ""out of the box"" when you used the s in different angles, because that's not something people usually do. My suggestion is try again to build the , this time try other shape, other s, see what you can do different. Training and failing is important and I believe you will be able to achieve your goal of 10/10.P.S. Sorry for my english.Good work!""Well done.The  has a strong base (2 pairs of s) and a considerable height.Your answers are well structured and assertives.In my opinion the  has absence of color and the top seems  to be fragile.Congrats, I am looking forward to seeing your next work.""I like your project. It is creative and visually appealing.You have a good self-image. You value your work compared to others.I would change the position of the laces, hiding them.My opinion is just a matter of personal taste and not an expertise one.""Hi!I  your  is really nice, especially because you gave a meaning to it. While you said you have done it in a short period of time that was a really cool idea. When you put meaning into something that ""piece"" transforms, and that was what happened when I first saw your . First I thought that it was small, but when you mention what it stand for and what you were trying to do that change my perspective and now I just  That I should have done better on my own . As a sugestion try again with more s, maybe try to build your whole name! P.S. Sorry for my poor english and well done, hope you enoy the rest of the course.""Well done.The  has a strong base and a considerable height.Your answers are well structured and assertive.In my opinion the  is beautiful I like specially the pink boots on top.Congrats, i am looking forward to seeing your next work.""I deeply admire the hard work you put in creating this wonderful  . Looking at it, one can see that you thought about it before making it. The place you chose to make it is clearly designed to help stabilize the  and that deserves an extra point. The fact that you chose different colors adds to creativity and I congratulate you for that.The thing I find unique in your submission are two things: the fact that you built three prototypes and also that you worried about using color.I have no suggestions to improve your , it seems great to me. It is very enriching to be able to see my colleagues' work and be able to realize we all shared the same difficulties. It is very enriching, also, to be able to give feedback without actually grading the work, which I  would diminish its value and creativity. ""The strength of my project is that I actually did it even though I thought I wouldn't be able to before beginning and felt like giving up during the first try. I managed to incorporate color in the  - thanks to all my coloured s - and create a fairly high . The fact that I also created a 2   is, in my opinion, a strong choice, because there can be beauty in a simple thing.As to uniqueness, I believe I was the only one - or at least the first one - to create a two- , even though it was inspired by something someone shared on the forum.As for improvement, I believe I could have spent more time experimenting and do other trials, but I am very impatient - a trait I have to work on.It was very important for me to be able to give feedback without having to attribute a grade - as I am a teacher it is very painful sometimes to label work/people with a number or letter.""Positive: The   is quite tall with a T value of 5.41 and is quite colorfulUnique: Contains various brands and colorsRevision: Should have some more s vertically sitting ontop the . Better arrangement of s so that base is larger and choice of s couldve been done better.Education: Stronger base and vertical s ontop would help make the  become more balanced as well taller.""Positive: You used a very strong base and you never gave up! Love your attitude!Unique: You layered your s, 1 pair of s facing north and south, and the next pair east and west, I liked this style and it seems to have worked for you.Revision: I  towards the end you could have stucked some of your slippers vertically up so it would add a lot more height to the . Slippers usually are light so they can balance out ok at the top without putting too much pressure at the bottom.Education: I learned a lot from your project about building an essential base as well never giving up!""Positive: You did very well to make the whole  balance with a few pair of s and you made the base vertical. Man that's really difficult to do, especially with women's s!Unique: I liked the vertical base, the  that sits ontop of the base seems a little heavy - Im surprised it balanced out. The sun light in the background actually makes your image so much cooler!Revision: Possibly using a stronger base and then stacking the slippers/higheels vertical from the base would make the  larger? I know you didn't have many s so its a really good attempt!Education: A vertical base still works! I didn't know until I saw your  :)""Positive-------reflective-----Unique--using different types of shows than US--did not  of thatRevision--would have experimented more---Education--spend more time and involve others. ""Positive--very thoroughUnique--I liked the sort of topper to your show Education--You spent time to consider everything very completely. I  I may have rushed and not given it such thought. Revision---you mentioned liking color--but I did not really see that. ""Positive--you included your friend in on thisUnique--some good anglingRevision---I  you could have played around a bit more and also may have added some color. Education---I am a bit isolated in that I am a Peace Corps volunteer--but I could have thought of ways of making contact--even thought difficult as you shared with your friends ""Nice   - it looks resistant and colorful. I really like that it uses many kind of s used all year and also boy and girl s. This makes it unique.You could have tried to use less and stronger s to improve its metrics.I learned from your  that you can manage to do something nice wherever you are, even in a camp. Good job!  "Congrats!!! Your  is so high!!! Great idea to use pyramid shape, definetly gives a good structure. Somehow it looks like a birthday cake :) Very creative indeed! The only thing is I didn''t get it how many attempts you had or fi you tried any different approach. Anyways it looks great! Good luck!"This  is a very classy . It has a good structure and it also looks nice - its like a  in a suit. Nice architecture, but I  the loose lace from the base is the discordant piece. Otherwise its tall, strong and modern.I usually like color, but this  its the prove that classic never fails. Very nice job!"I appreciate the description of all your attempts and the techniques used until you managed to get the  standing. I also like the fact that you only used 11 pairs of s to build a 60 cm . I find really interesting the last technique you used to make the  stand. However, I would have enjoyed to read more about how beautiful you find the , why, and how much you took this into account when building the . I also would have liked to read at least a short explanation about why you gave yourself a 5 on the creativity scale. But, again, in the end, what I would like to congratulate and thank you for is the description of how you put the s (3 pairs to build the base, then 2 pairs in the middle and 1 on top). While building my , I wanted to keep the number of pairs of s even on each level and it did not go well. So thank you for teaching and showing this approach to me!"Not much different than what I already stated above, it was an interesting assignment that helped me analyze my creative ing.I ve learned that I tend to set extremely ambitious objectives for myself (sometimes, unrealistic) which often bring me to a moment of panic ing I might fail.Embracing failure as part of a creative process has helped me relax and search for solutions. ""When I saw the first picture I said to myself: what a great idea to put the  in front of a  miror and photo it in that position. The  seemed higher. Than I saw the next pictures and I find that my imagination is still awake!Nice  anyway. Unique combination between sport green s and red elegant s. The critical friend says that the design and the shape can be emproved a little bit. Amazing people results amazing me!""It was nicely shaped.It attempted to beautify the  by adding nice sparkly s.It has a basic shape, and pretty much monochrome.We all thought about the same basic shape, which proves that we lack in this department of creativity."I applaud the fact that you managed to make the Pisa  stand for long enough to take a picture. I find your  unique from this point of view, that it resembles the Pisa . I initially wanted to make an imitation of the Eiffel , but could not manage it. However, I never once thought about Pisa. I also like the fact that you took a picture of the meter as well, so that we can see for ourselves the height of the . I also like that you managed to build quite a tall  with a very small number of pairs of s. Your metric value is very high. Congratulations! On the other hand, I would have liked to read more about your 2 initial tries and the 3 revisions you had.I believe you had and interesting approach in how you arranged the s. You could have explained why you rated 4 your  Your  is cute, diverse and colourful. I like the fact that you searched for stability. It means that stability represents you and you wanted to show that in your work. Maybe you should have tried more attempts...who knows what new ideas you would have got? You managed to show me that we can reflect ourselves in no matter wat we do, even a   :) "The  was really tall.It was pretty impressive.It has a square form, very much as my own.It should be a bit more aesthetical.People have unique, and yet somehow common ways of doing things. This is one of those cases. You thought of a shape and process of building, but so did others, myself included. But you did a good work. ""You get a solid, balanced and beautiful . I love how you mixed black and white. Perhaps it would be more challenging if you have tried more to build vertically.However, you managed to create a  with a solid base and thank you for your example. It's the aspect that I treated somehow superficially, I preferred to build more on verticaly, having instead some balance issues.""I  I like my  more now after seeing some others. I like that it has a theme, color, metrics and it also represents myself.This makes it unique, as I am unique. It could have been improved if there had been more patience with this assignment, but overall I am satisfied with the result.I learned that not anything that seems easy is easy and that long-suffering has nice results.""Briliant way of ing about the use of , unique I can say. The critical friend says that the shape could be a little bit more creative for marketing.I learn again that people can  be simple amazing and I can  become amazing with then.""Very nice! I like the way you have used the us on a vertical line which is really creative""I like how you used the pairs of s in the  building. Take more attention to the requirements: free-standing , no of s - no pairs of s. Your work is valuable, but the requirements are not fulfilled. Take care not to waste your creativity and work.Anyway, I apreciate your work in pairs of s. Gives solidity to the structure. I was more metric orientated and neglected the  solidity.""Wow! I would have normally started with ""Hi"" but your slipper/  and the description really impressed me :)I like the energy and thoughts you put in this exercise; it seems you read well the instructions and tried to deliver your best.You managed to use your creativity to cover issues like sustainability and esthetics for the structure, the ideas you came up with are smart and original. Have to agree with you on the penthouse, it turned out just fine Overall, I will rate it a 9 because I wonder if you could have make it better with more s or if there are other things that would have helped you rate yourself a 10 from an esthetic point of view.Good luck with the next assignments! ""Hi,First of all, congrats for finishing the assignment and for your perseverance (6 attempts s you tried more ways to express your creativity in this exercise) Your   looks solid and the way you used the shape of the s is very clever.Also,the way you put the last one on top definitely was a great idea to gain more height.  I am not sure how you calculated the metric or if I understood correctly how we should measure it but I  75/12 equals 6.25.I wonder if you could have reached the same height with less s and keep the structure stable in the same time.Overall, I  you did use your creativity, coming up with some smart ideas that helped you finishing the assignment so I would rate your   an 8.I would have liked to understand better the way you evaluated yourself.Best of luck with the rest of the assignments and keep using your creative ing!"I like that I got a tall , how I managed the s and got a valuable metric. I have to take more into consideration the solidity of contruction.Sounds like am interesting . I would have liked to see an image but that's Ok. You said that you have used 11 s in the first description and then 8 when you cal ulated the tall of the . "It is really colorful. Very lively.You had your own way of ing how you should make the  taller.However, it was supposed to be a free standing , but you supported it on the wall, which takes away a bit of its value, for me at least.Everybody s of ways to easy their work, and this is such a case. I am not saying this with a negative connotation thought. You did a nice job!"The decision with soles and insoles was quite interesting. And I can see straight away that it was a boy's  for there were no mention of heels, which really complicate the process. That's really sad that there is no picture especially of the  with T=5 result. I'd really love to see it. But still so many attempts were taken and the result shows that it's not for nothing.This example is quite interesting. For I didn't heard of others had the same idea with 'flat levels'. That was really creative. The height of the  is impressing too. And I  that author has estimated her own creativity quite low. As to me, it could be higher."Good job!My   is accurate too. But it's not very tall"wow! that's the tallest   I've ever seen) You are thoroughly prepared for the assignment, thought out the details of future . That's empressive. I had ideas before building too..but they're allways too much perfect in my mind and I can't make it that real) so I needed to try and fail many times. But you for half an hour made the great   that seems very solid and big) There is only one thing that can make your  even better - some unusual structures, that maybe not so lasting but can give your  a character, some unique vision) By evaluation your  I took note how important planning my future work is. It should save time. overall seems more useful than the excitation rush into work. (p.s. Sorry for my english))"Positive: This is a good description of  s .  I can see that you have put a lot of work into creating and it was a pleasure to see result. You worked in a team - it's very good. I  that it's more then 7 points)Unique: Got an interesting  design and approach to solving problems. When you have a lot of options, you can choose the best - and you did itRevision: with such a good base you can build a  higher Education. I saw an interesting approach to building s . Good experience of team work. First, make a good base - is the most important ""Hi Jane!Good job!Your   is very accurate and very beautiful!"You have a very nice . I like the mixture of colours and styles of the s. But the best thing is the top, very impressive. And you English is OK. Don't worry so much about it!You created pretty tall  , that's not easy) I'm so agree with you about heavy  in the top of the ! I had the same thing all the time) and I like your construction in the top with high heels s, that's good idea. That's why your   looks different) I tried to make something with heels s too, but not in that way. I like it) It seems creative, unique and dangerous) I  feedback helps me to understand how other students were ing when they were building s from s, and I obviously can find something helpful for me) I  it also helps to better understand and estimate my own work."Wow! This is a really great ! It is well created, well-planned and went through a lot of revisions, which was the necessary part of the submission. I like it very much: it's sophisticated shape, height and creative usage of the materials. Also i would like to point out the humble comments of the author: personally I would give myself a lot more points for that kind of )    And this is the only thing I could point out: it is necessary to be as humble as you can be because there is always a way to improve the things you work on - but there is a limit, because you don't want to stuck forever in the loop of revisions. So from that perspective I would grade this  a nine as an excellent effort - but with the possibility of endless improvements. And this thing is what I learn from the submission - to know when to stop and to continue struggling till you find the almost perfect answer."Thank you for your answers! Your approach is really interesting, the  is beautiful. My estimation  of your creativity is 8.I still love my  . It's OK and as good as the other peers' s. I  it is a good  but not very high. And maybe it can be more creative.I  that the overall creative process given the choice of materials was somewhat good. This is a strong, considerable , and we had a great fun coming up with it. But overall height of  could be much better: it was worth to make more approaches with the whole different perspective. From this task I understood that it is necessary to understand the difference between "not enough efforts" and "not perfect enough" - and I will try to go towards that."I am a big fan of mathematical order and shapes so this  is definitely for me! In theory this  is very beautifully crafted, and, given the right construction blocks, it could be possible to make this  as tall as possible. Considering your goals - to enjoy the game and try the idea - your submission is legible. But idea was, as I thought, to try as many ideas as you can, perfecting previous attempts in order to find close to perfect solution. Measurements of perfect would differ, of course: but there was many  s, which were taller and also very beautifully crafted using minimum s - so there was some space to work and iterate, maybe even try some new approaches. But after all this was about fun - and triangle  certainly seems like an interesting idea! If I find 60 exact s I will definitely try to build this!)"My  I like more than others, because it's beautiful :) Score 10."It looks fantastic! It's great that you managed to make such a high  using only 10 s. The color palette and texture are very original! It's strange but when I saw this  the image of the structure made (constructed) by cheerleaders came to my mind.My grade is 5 out of 5 (5/5).""I  it's wonderful that this  is the result of such thoughtful and thorough work, that the idea of the IFF was performed to a great extent! And the  looks very impressive: its high, stable and solid. The design is also very creative: the top contrasts with the main part of the  (you used the opportunities provided by the material - s). Good work has been done and the outcome is also amazing. The detailed description of the working process and the construction is also so valuable for reflection and sharing the experience with others. I have to confess that I had very similar approach, but made less attempts and thanks for providing the description and highlighting the idea of IFF. Amazing work!My grade is 5 out of 5 (5/5)."Thank you for your answers! To my mind this task was completed perfectly. I appreciate you connect your work with a deep symbolism.  My estimation  of your creativity is 9."I like your  s! Maybe The  #5 is not the highest, but I  it is the most interesting and unique.What about ""critique"" I don't know what I must say, because my s was I  less beautiful and less 'innovative"". And you was so fast in building s! I was astonished. Really :)""15 attempts is a great number! Such impressive number shows that you also have had no less possibilities for exploration the process itself and reflection on your creativity, am I right?I must mention now that I have difficulties understanding this part of your work: ""I  my creative value is three attempts before 10 s are ing about how to put the highest, 11 times before they start to  from the appearance, but I  it's beautiful and simple fact is, nothing special.""Personally, I leant form your notes that the more attempts one makes the more satisfactory result he or she ends up with. And the easier it is to perceive own work as truly likable.I find it quite unique that you seem to have no difficulties with considering your  beautiful enough to give it 7/10. I was not able to see it, but by your words I can judge that you estimate its beauty adequately, which is important!""Hi! It is very sad that there are no picture, but I tried to imagine what your  looked like. You had a good T parameter! Very high. My T was 2, because I used lots of s and another student (that I evaluated before) - T=3 in 5 attempts.I absolutely understand about ""had to work meticulously to clean the s"". It takes time.I  you underestimate yourself. Why 4 ?? You did such funny thing as building   and did very good job (oh my god, 20 attempts! fantastic!!)"The author made a really good job and I'm sure she spent a lot of time building the s. And the srongest part of her job to my opinion is that the last  didn;t try to fall (as mine for example), it was high and strong and even reminded of a Christmas tree - I  a good job were made!"It was very impressive to read this report on the job, with detailed photos and calculations. It's just awesome! I liked the fifth , it looks very stable and consistent. but the selected solution (55 cm, 5 ) is very good with a large value of T. I should learn effective presentation of the results of its work from this student"Your  is very nice and tall. But the third pic differs from the others 2 . So I didn't understand what is final .Oooo, that's great!!!! Very creative and beautiful! Your  is the best."It is without a doubt that you are a string logical er! Personally, I would never  of sorting the s on their weight basic and approach the whole thing so structurally.The unique peculiarity is that boot on top of the . Well that might be disputable whether of not it is an appropriate decision aesthetically; however, I believe it to be a bold and valiant choice of material/space relationship interpretation!I have got this feelingthat somewhere in pursuit of stability of the  with you missed all the fun with its breathtaking moments of uncertainty.Your submission showed me how diverse peoples creativity can be, because I applied totally different principals for my own . And that is okay, both our works are okay to exist."I like that the author of the  at the same time take care of a solid foundation and design (bright s on top).  really very beautiful and symmetrical. process of creative search is well-described."First of all I have to say that I'm really impressed with the : its height and beauty. In my view it IS creative! I liked its colourfulness very much. Of course after having the same experience of trying I wondered how other people managed to complete the task. During my work I came to the same conclusions on how to construct the , but this design is very unusual in comparison with my  for example. The height is also impressive! I  your solution met the main criteria very well. It was interesting for me to read your reflection. And thanks to them I got some new insights and found out some of the limitations made by my mind, for example that I could use some s from different pairs. Thanks for this and your work!My grade is 5 out of 5 (5/5).""Positive: This is a good description of  s .  I can see that you have put a lot of work into creating and it was a pleasure to see result. I  that it's more then 7 points)Unique: Got an interesting  design and approach to solving problems. Revision: Maybe spend more time on each attempt to create a creative Education. I saw an interesting approach to building s . Take time to  ideas - it's very good"A great  ! 74 cm from 16 s - INCREDIBLE! In fact I needed twice as many s to build my  as high as yours. And I like your idea of combining the s placed horisontally and vertically.I still like my  Castle) It seems pretty beautiful for me, maybe because I like my s) I like colours and shape and that I used so different s (from winter boots to slippers) And I proud how I used high heel s) That makes my  unique, I  it differs from many other works. I don't  it's better (it can be worse than many other s) but I hope My Castle looks different. I'm not invented the concept of my  before its implementation, I was too excited by this idea and tried to start as soon as possible. it took more time and led to a greater number of failures. I'll change my strategy next time) It's great experience anyway) I'm really surprised) After estimation of other students I found in my  new pros and cons. I  it made me more objective. And I always want to understand what people  during their work and why they make one decision not another, what goals they set and so on. Thank you, Penn State!))it was a good idea with the stabilization by small s. Real engineering solution! also white fur and a white  harmonize well. upset that there is no information about the height and number of s, it would be interesting to know."Hi!Good job!Your   is very tall and accurate!""Evaluation 9.Aesthetics is part of creativity. Do not forget it."Good job. Maybe your  not so good in T parameter, but I  it was very interesting ."This  is similar to my , but the  is more dense and durable.Score 10."Your  looks very stable, great job! I like the pops of colour; bright yellow,  blue and red. Reminds me of London. I appreciate your point about trying at different times, that was a good approach and possibly why you didn't need too many attempts. I though both were really beautiful,  although the second was my favourite.  I liked the base you made with your pretty high heels. It looks like a work of art. I also want to commend you for all those tries,  it worked out in the end. I would have liked to see your high heel only structure,  it would have been an interesting challenge,  although I know the goal was to build the tallest  that you could. Overall I  you did very well and I am most inspired by your persistence and determination. The more you failed the more you learned!Firstly, let me say great job on completing this task. What I mostly like is that you were able to build a  of that height with a little number of s. I however, do not agree with your statement that "less s would have been better" as it doesn't matter the number of s you use, it is all about the end result. I  that your assessment of the  should have came from others as I would have given you a higher grade, noting the height of the  and the number of s used.Great job on this and I  that you are very creative using only six s to get this height. While I like the structure, the colour of the  is very dark. Looking at other student's work, I found that everyone is creative in their own way. My downfall was using a large number of s instead of paying attention to the height of my . Compared to the other students I evaluated, I would give myself a lower grade."1)what was done well is the height2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""1)what was done well is the height2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . "I particularly like your creative selection by placing the flag on top - reminds me of the famous Iwo Jima Statue :). You made a clever move by using the  lace which is a creative way of utilizing available resources. You mentioned actually having more s but I understand you settled for just 7 because it is already a beauty in itself - as we all say enough is solution, too much is position. Overall, I congratulate you for having fun failing whereby we realize failures is never a hindrance to success. Have a nice day! Smile :)"1)what was done well is the height and the shape of your 2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""Your   reflects stability.   I like the way you discuss the supporting structures.I also had the same limitation with quantity of s. Agree in retrospect - could get more resources by borrowing s from neighbors. same here but I did not. However the directions for this exercise did not specify how strict to be with our tools.One viewpoint:  I believe if your goal was more height - then you can reach it.  With my   - the result was a bit higher with less s. Kind regards."I see a beautiful  done here. It was not clear how much attempts you did. You presumed that  putting one on another wont achieve any height, so you did not attempt it. I encourage you to try next time, since by trial you can prove your hypothesis to be wrong. In fact some students, had long s just by putting one  on top of the other. Good grade on Creativity, and yes the  is beautiful and seems to be solid. Wow! taking a second look at my submission is something that bridge the gap from careless ing towards letting it go whereby I earn the freedom to explore new creative ideas. This is what I call addition by subtraction hahaha. "1)what was done well is the height2) what I find interesting is the colors in your 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""1)what was done well is the height2)  I could not find anything interesting 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""1)what was done well is the shape2) what I find interesting is the way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . "Two shots of the  from different angles is provided. The trials attempted and the learning from the submission are well documented. What I could suggest to myself is to make the  more aesthetic next time. It is rewarding to see other students submission and yours and try to reflect on the learning. Failures and attempts can boost innovative designs. I see you made a creative effort by carefully selection the color balance for your new balance s :). I like the balance of blue color from the base and the top slipper which serves like a roofing. Good symmetry in the middle with the use of maroon color new balance . However, I'd like to point out the you should base your calculation for T value on the total number of each  and not on pair of s; your corrected T value should be T=5.71 which is 80cm / 14 s (7 pairs). Overall, I congratulate you for having fun failing whereby we realize failures is not the hindrance to success. Good luck lets all have fun with our creative side :). "1)what was done well is the shape2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more colors4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""1)what was done well is the shape of the 2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""First viewing is a   that looks fairly sleek.Noticed that most of the s were kept parallel to the ground.I like the colors being easy - a type of monochrome.With another attempt - could be more artsy - but would depend on my resources.""You have a beautiful s ! You answered all the questions accurately. I found the  to be tall compared to other students work. You might find helpful to ask other colleagues about the beauty of your s . I really liked how you stacked the s in a neat fashion on top of each other. I learnt that failures can teach us how to improve and innovate.""1)what was done well is the shape of the  2) what I find interesting is the  unique way of building that 3) I wish if you used more s to build it or to decorate it 4) what I have learned as a feedback provider is the process that you used to build that . ""I will talk about Attempt #1 - because I believe it more pleasing to the eye then #2.  Although #2 does have more s and is higher.  Interesting is that it goes to show that size does not always show aesthetics.#1 is pleasing to the eye.  It looks kind of like an octopus arms because of the way the base is structured.For another time = why not try to use only your s ;)   Bottom black s don't seem to be a ladies s.  Just a fun thought to stay with the tools you have.I appreciate your viewpoint of how you thought to create your  .Kind regards."This is very simple but solid   and I like it because of it. I also like the way you finished it with pair of sandals. However I would like to see some other color beside black and silver. "This is hard,well you can't rate everything in life.My view is that you can and should compare your work,things..  and in that maner feel were you are...but not rate it.Sometimes,like now, you are in situation in wich you have to give a grade-number to yourself.I will still rate myself the same because I like my  a lot.I just hope my reflection wasn't to long and to time consuming for my peers to read it."That looks like a  that would bring sun light to a rainy day! :) I like the colors, you did a great job incorporating them into your . I  that you should reconsider building another  with the high heels and see what you can learn from it, as you have learned which s to put where while you used your sneakers. I believe that while trying out again with high heels s you can get more insight on the balance of the  and on your creative process. My first attempt at building a  resembled yours, as I tried to make as sound basis of the  as I could. I've used 30 s, most of them flat. After I saw some of the work of our peers that was posted in the discussion forums, I got new ideas and I tried them out - with far less s and less support from gravity. I learned a lot that way. ;) Anyway, you did a nice job! Keep going! ;)"Nice ! And a high one! :)I guess that you have accomplished your idea - I believe that the  is well balanced. Maybe next time you would like to try to make a  with less s, and maybe less balanced, so you can see what you can learn from such an experience. ;) Anyway, I would love to try to make a  as high as yours. So, I guess that is my next task for myself. :)Good job! Keep going!"Great attitude, it made me laugh although you 'cheated' a little bit... :)"This is great  . It has rectagular shape. I admire usage of various kinds of s.I would recommend using jpg file, but quality of the photo was not too bad.I learned that it is smart to use soft slippers in between."I was unable to see the photo you shared but I do like your in depth description of the process. It gave me the full picture of what you were doing and how you were making conclusions. Sad I can't see your  and make more comments. Regarding the creativity rate you gave yourself I must say I agree as your ing was mostly about the technical part of it. I  most of us had that issue especially as it is not easy to relate to building anything with dirty used s but am hoping we will loosen up more through this course and open channels of our own creativity more. When you do that and combine with how smart you are ing about achieving your goal you could do wonders in this world. :)"Interesting looking ! :)I like the way that it is structured, looks like a bridge or a strange looking building construction.I believe that the second  is an obvious improvement from the first one. However, I would like to have another try at making a more balanced  but with more height. I  there is still room for improvement. I  that there is more to learn from try-and-fail experimentation. And I  that I'm ready to give it another try. ;)""I really like the way you were ing about structure especially as you weren't too inspired with this exercise. It can be quite a challenge to do something you don't find inspiring. It is great how you thought about its stability in the long run. To me, that shows your serious approach to whatever it is you are doing which can lead to great things. My only remark is that I can't see the  properly with this angle you took with your photo. I wish I could have seen it with your dog's eyes. :)Regarding the ""beauty"" I must say I agree with you. It wasn't easy to  about it while using dirty used s. After ing about stability and building up my structure I then tried to put s I found pretty and colorful around the  and on it so I guess that beauty part would be the next phase if we were doing this as some project in real life."good work, I like your  and your reflections, 'grades' although you 'cheated' :) a little bit ..."Firstly, I believe that this   is quite interesting and creative.Secondly, this   has a very interesting top and it seems quite steady.Lastly, this   could be a bit higher and the colors could be arranged in more creative way.All in all, I have learned that there is always room for improvement which can happen only by creativity, innovation and change.""Nice . It is interesting to consider s as bricks.Interesting choice of s.Actually there is room for improvement.On the top there could be placed some soft slippers.You used bigger base, so that is usefull."Your  is good. I really like that it's symmetric. I'd give it an 8 for beauty, it's symmetrical and has lots of colors.Great Trevi Fountain! Did you throw a coin in it when finished :) Very interesting and organized approach to the task. I would never  of doing it that way...I like this because it has different colors. It seems very solid. And it is very creative. I have nothing else to say about it. "Nice ! ;)I like the s that you've used. That said, I don't  that we were supposed to judge on the attractiveness of the  by the attractiveness of the s, but on the attractiveness of the  itself. ;)I can relate to your reflection about the concern of the output and the failure to enjoy the process. It's like as if I wrote that myself. ;) The same thing happened to me while I was building my first . I was aiming for a  that was balanced, and I came up with using way too many s for a  that ended up looking ugly, and finally, it collapsed 3 minutes after it was built. I got frustrated. But then, I saw some of the work of our peers in the discussion forums, and their s had an inspiring effect on me. So, I've decided to make another , this time using far less s and not worrying that much about the gravity. ;) I ended up making a much better looking, higher, unbalanced . But that experience made me realize that I get easily frustrated by the things that aren't supposed to be frustrating. That is how I learned something new about me. That is how I learned that not all has to be balanced. ;) That is why I suggest to you that now that this exercise is over, try to build another , just for the fun's sake, and see if you can learn something new about yourself from it. Now that the ""task"" period is over, maybe you'll really enjoy yourself. ;) ""Hello there!As for the structure of your , hats off to you! I  you did some amazing, awe-inspiring job there! Seriously my friend, feel free to feel smug about the structure of your ! You are most certainly at the top of the creativity scale, do not underrate yourself.Now, the only downside to it is absence of diversity in terms of colors, as you mentioned it yourself. But then again, just because I am passionate about colors, it doesn't mean that someone else wouldn't prefer it fully in elegant black color as it is.Finally, I must notice that you have nine pairs of s, but eighteen s in total. If I understood well, we were supposed to calculate T value by dividing the height of  by number of our s and not pairs of s. That means your T value is 5 and not 10. Still, even that is a pretty sweet T value. :DMy grade to you is 9.5 out of 10.Best wishes!""I like your  ..but I love the base of your .It has something poetic in it..maybe it is just because of the perspective,because of the angle in wich you took the picture but it is great :)).It reminds me of pyramids.Love it.Your reflection is short and factual..well.. your  is doing  ""talking part"".Good job!""Firstly, I would like to congratulate on your hard work making this  , I have found it quite interesting and elegant.Secondly, I would have to disagree with you that your creativity for this exercise is only 5, I believe it is much higher, especially since your   is that remarkably high.Lastly, even though black is always elegant, I would like to see more colors.All in all, I have learned that a   can be quite high, I did not  this was possible.""I like your .I like the effort and attention you put in building the  and writing the reflection about it.It is like a short story and it was easy and very pleasurable to read.The part and sorry for saying this I don't like, is how you evaluated yourself.You were very unfair.I bet in ""real life"" you are generous to everybody but rarely to yourself.""Hi, there!I love how you had a clear strategy for building your . I like that there is a diversity in terms of male/female s and although winter s prevail, I love the fact that you used up s for almost all seasons. Also, it pleases me that you gave thought to the aesthetics, but I am a color enthusiast and I really wish that you could have incorporated some of the more colorful s. :/All in all, I like your  and I  that my impression which I've got about how firm and solid it appears (probably more than it actually is) comes from those large male boots and colors it is made of.My grade to you is 7.75 out of 10.Best wishes! :)""First, I would like to congratulate you on your hard work building your  . It seems very high and interesting.Second, I would like to applaud the fact that you were able to include others and get their opinions. I especially like this part where you put s into each other, that was really creative.Lastly, I would agree with you that it requires more color, however you work with what you have.All in all, I liked it very much and I am happy to say that it gave me a few ideas.""I found your   interesting and beautiful. :)Yes, your parents are right that your  has only one color, BUT, my  had a couple of nuances of gray and brown, so it didn't look nice at all, that is why I find your one-colored  to have more aesthetic value than mine. :) AND I like dark colors. ;)I'm glad that you've enjoyed the process of making the . The first time I made my , I was frustrated, since I wanted to get as much balance as I could, but it collapsed. So, the next time I tried, I didn't worry about balance that much, and so my second  was higher and more beautiful. If you enjoyed the process of making your , try to make another one, maybe without the triangle at the basis, and see what you can learn from that. I found that by making different s I learned different things about me. Anyway, nice job! Keep going! :)"I really like your , the way you put some s vertically is very interesting. Also, congrats on the number of attempts you've made. I gave up after the second try, it's great that you're persistent. You're right about the  lace, we shouldn't have used anything besides s to make the . From seeing your  I've learned that there are more approaches to making the  besides the classical. I'd give your  a 9 for creativity.It's a pity you didn't submit a photo... I see you are quite critical of yourself concerning your creativity. "The  looks great and stable. Good conclusion about repetitive steps for building up the base of the idea in order to open up more doors for creativity.I could have spent more time on it and loosen up with adding more details through different directions of flip flops for instance as they are light enough to play around with.I've learned I need more faith and playfulness, dedication to what I choose to do. Also, I've learned I am very good in ing of how to secure what I want to achieve first and then go from there.""Oh, well... Nothing harder than self-evaluation.It isn't perfectly shaped, but it certainly isn't a mere pile either. It ain't no masterpiece, but it is a flamboyant, cheerful little . I may have initially underrated myself. This  deserves a solid 8 out if 10."Nice , I  that you and your friend are somewhat to strict to your work regarding your rate 2 - it is not the most beautiful I've seen but I would rate it at least 5. Good luck!He/She has built a strong base to withstand the top part and I liked it. The unique thing I saw was the  at the top. The balancing part is quite interesting. I feel this as a very simple  .I mean just one on the top of other. Should take up challenges and try more. Tried his/her level best, of course this is the first step and yeah practice makes a man perfect. I could now feel,after 2nd peer evaluation that, everybody is unique in their own way and everything has its own meaning.There are totally 10 layers which is simply amazing for me. And that too base is broad, next comes the middle part which is narrow and again top part broad.Yellow slipper would have really given her hard-time..I feel instead of just keeping one above the other, could have tried for some design..The main thing I came to know was that I can even use slippers :P Jokes apart..There is a saying finding fault from others is easy but correcting ourselves is difficult..Continuous trying will surely bring success is the lesson I learned..Balancing of s was done well. The unique thing is the shape of the  . Could have used more s..I am happy to evaluate my own work.I gain self confidence by doing so..Wow.. Very artistic...The first thing that hit my mind was the alternative arrangement of the s..One pair being diagonal and the next vertical...again the same continues. Love that. Getting loads of ideas being evaluating my 3rd friend...I love the natural setting you have placed this   in and the additional flowers in the  . The inclusion of the red base is a very creative approach that is not seen in other s. This  enlighten me and reminded me that there are a lot of ways to build a  . Different s shown different thought being put in in the process of building the . Great job! Its simple but concise and reflective. Well done!I didn't try out with actual s as I  my mother will  I am crazy if I did that at home. However, I did a lot of thought experiments and after going through the forum, I decide to change perspective and do something different. Although it says free standing , I  it depends on the perspective you are looking at the structure.Your   must be great! You are a great creator. I  the positive is that of the relatively high T-value and the use of engineering principles of forming a firm base for the . It's uniqueness is in the use of different styles of s form different cultures. Revision? Maybe try to add some colour to it. Education? I have learnt from one student the use of symbolism."P : Great job! Yes, it reinforces the fact that the vertically placed, will give more height.U : The rabiit idea is really great!R : Just the idea, that if you use white s, your rabbit is a white rabbit.E : We are all different. By sharing our ideas, it stimulates even more ideas, in each other.Thank you, I enjoyed reading your assignment."Great creativity! Well done! You are such a reflective person!"P : Great job! Yes, it reinforces the fact that the base/foundation has to be steady or stable - bigger and heavier s, a thte bottom.U : After looking at the photos in the forum, this is the first time I get the base as a perfect square.R : Just a suggestion, that IF you had more time, to use fewer s and still achieve the same height - in your next attempt.E : We are all different. By sharing our ideas, it stimulates even more ideas, in each other.Thank you, I enjoyed reading your assignment."It was an authentic, honest effort with some semblance of symmetry. The choice of colours could be improved. You have built a very stable and tall  . I love this design that it gave me a sense of stability. I  to be able to build such a tall  using all your s is an achievement. Maybe you could try other approaches to see whether you could improve the artistic aspect of the  . I learned that a very engineering approach to build a   could allow a tall  to be built.Nice attempt. Good planning stage of intersecting the s together. You maybe could have challenge yourself to go beyond 3 layers.I love the   that it has used at least a pair from each member of the family. The shape of the  is different from most other s that I have seen. With a heavy base for the  and lighter s on top, the structure of the  looks interesting. On the other hand, the T value of the  is not high compare to other s. The feedback and reference to other  s give me additional idea of building new s. Ideas from other students help to improve the building of s."P: I like the honest ,concise evaluation U: i thought that having a cat plying with the  must have been rather disruptive...! but cool.R: May be as she said ,spend few more attemptsE: Even building a   is not as easy exercise as it seems. I thought the submission was an honest attempt and the person had fun with it.  "I really like your   :) The "design aesthetic" is fashionable and elegant. The only thing that you could consider is to clarify what the white paper or clothe is in-between the boots - as the assignment instructions actually specified that we should only use s and nothing else in building the  (but it doesn't really bother me much - i  you did a great job). "This submission has demonstrated the evidence for each of its iterated attempts.  The inclusion of the tape ruler in the documented screenshots was very interesting for it had amplified the message that, I didnt cheat! :)  The composition for each of the photographic-evidences could be better if it gets to photograph from the perspective of worms eye view or with a wider viewing angle.Personally, I have found that this submission has demonstrated the value of tenacity: keep trying with whatever you have! ""P: Concise with relevant details.U: I took a picture of the height in cm ! and  height seems pretty good! R: Submit only 1 picture instead of 3....!E: I  that my 'grading' was more realistic!"Absolutely well done! The planning is meticulously done, down to the type and positions of the s! Wow, i love your illustration! It really does look great :) The only suggestion that I have is if you could  about how you might be able to make the  stable or erect if you were to really construct it. "Impressed by ur perseverance! I would have given up by the 3rd attempt.  You must have realised where you have had gone wrong in the previous 4 attempts before getting it right the 5th time.  If you could just include a few bright-colored (e.g lime green, luminous orange) pieces, it will look a lot more interesting.  All in all, a great attempt.""P : I enjoyed the assignment, it was fun.U : I had some limitation/constraints about the types of s used.R : If I had more time, I may have tried to build a different .E : Sharing ideas is great teamwork.""P: A concise evaluation but honest with a good attempt to build a solid  U: The ratings seems on a high level.......R: We are missing some details on the details of the revisions, ie how did they improve the ? and how long it took?E: Do not rush the evaluation, ie ensure that all details are provided.....""It's so true that we learn from failures, understand why we fail and subsequently overcome these failures. Your in-depth description of the 'building' process depicts so.  The 1st impression I have about your   - sturdy and neat.  The idea is similar to stacking bricks, just like how we build houses with strong foundation.Now that you have enough support or strong base, I wonder if you could have built a higher  by having a few more smaller pairs of running s of lighter weight (e.g of kids sizes), stacking on top of it?Although it may not necessarily be the best  I've seen, it's definitely the best out of all numerous attempts in getting it right! Great work!""Wow, with a T value more than 8, it is probably the highest T value. I also like the symbolism with your husband's s forming the base. (Is there a hidden acceptance of the traditional male/female roles at home?) I  the symbolism is unique and well thought out.With only 3 pairs of s, I am not sure how much revision one can do, the permutations are quite limited.What I have learnt from this? I like the symbolism.""You are right at being simple, and it is beautful. Can see that you have created a wide base to withstand the weight piling above. I simply believe the  can be builded taller. Can see that some s are missing their pairing s. If they are added to the , I am sure it will add to the height. As a feedback provider, I learnt to be open to ideas, and it allows me to share my in-sights on improvements.  "Good try, but not a very nice . Your uppermost  has  lace hanging which give me idea if I can use  lace to make the  more secure.Inserting s to form the base is a great idea. I also like the first 2 layers which looks good and with good symmetry. "I realise the idea of this exercise is not to outdo everybody and emerge as a champion with the greatest finished product.  It's a discovery journey on how to get to the final destination.Am I creative in my submission? Maybe .. maybe not.  But I believe each one of us is creative in his/her own ways.  After reviewing 2 of the submissions, do I deserve a rating of 8 (as I had rated myself previously)? Maybe not if I'm being judged based on intensity.  But my question is : Does creativity correlates positively with intensity? "Well done! You actually was able to produced it fast."The strength of the submission is it's very colourful. The materials used in building the """" were very diverse. It's unique because of the colours and materials.With 22 s and height of 40 cm, that gives a T value of only 1.8. I know this might sound a bit unfair, my own creation has a T value of 6.1, so I  if you might be able to build a taller  .What I have learnt? Different colours and materials could add to the interest of the .""After done with two peer-review assessment, I have recognized that my submission has revealed one interesting persona about myself:  I am a design er cum strategist.  I am more sensitive to the constraints or conditions that given in every design challenge and I would critically evaluate all my mentally proposed solutions against the given constrains before any actual implementation. Such mental pipeline has enabled all my design processes to have a structural flow and more methodologically sound for each its iteration.    Nevertheless, the risk aversion attitude of mine has also limited my potential to explore or discover any possible out-of-the-box kind of solution, as I have first drawn a box to myself.  Another attribution to my seemingly lack of experimentation for this assignment is largely got to do with my personal intrinsic motivation.  I do not see the value or larger life objective for keep finding another 100 ways to  stacking.   This is because it would not help me to find a way out to jump off the treadmill and financial burden that I got.  I guess I am quite a pragmatic person when seeking the agent of change and innovation.""This submission has demonstrated the strength of collaborative design process.  The foundation of this composition is more than just about balance but it is also a reflection of unity between complexity and order.  The presentation of this composition could be even better if it gets to photograph from the worms eye view with less clustering background.  In addition to that, do avoid using flashlight if possible.Inherently, this submission has also highlighted the downside of collaborative design process, where there will be far too many noise and the stakeholder him/herself would subsequently lost the autonomy to  creatively and critically in each of his/her attempts."" is amazing. I never thought it could be stable like this. I should write something as a critical friend but I dont  there is anything I should criticise.What I learned here is that impossible is really nothing :)Well done!""I  that my   is quite colourfull  and it is interesting that I made only 2 attempts for this project and did not have to turned s to keep balance. On the other hand I could build higher   that I did because I have other s in a cellar but I did not want to go for it. So, I used only s which I found in my house. If I used also s which I have in a cellar, the   would be much higher.I learned from this project to be more creative.""Nice , stable.Comparing to my classmates I have to admit that it is the smallest one and the least creative, also the T value is smallest. I didnt have many s at my place but now I see I could do it better.""Nice . It was a clever idea to put s on the side which looks more stable.I like colors of the  and the way it was build. From my point of view I would choose higher s at the top to have same height with less s, or higher  with same amount of s ( maybe Im mistaken and the  wont be stable)Anyway, good job!""This person wrote the whole advance of building the   which is great because it says to other people the way of ing. The student tryed to put the s in the way to keep the   in a balance as it is shown in the picture. So, it is obvious that the student made the effort to build the  . Even though the   is built great it is not very colourful because of turned s and as the soles are black, the whole picture is more black than colourful. So, commenting of the picture is great but I would take more care also about adding colourful shade.I  that your text submission was great, so I learned to describe things more complexly.""A picture is missing, so it is very difficult to find out all aspects of the submission because the description of the picture is poor. The person describes only a number of attempts but as there is no picture, it would be good to share also a colour of used s. I  that the picture says about everything, but if it is missing, the description of the picture should be deeper. But I found interesting that the person used only 4 s and their height was 31 cm. I  that at this height, the person had to effort for this project, so I value it. I would like to encourage this person to add also pictures of projects because, they say its own speech and can say many things about a problem or if pictures are not submitted, it is helpful to add  deeper comments. I learned thant concentration is very needed for every project."Hi, I will applaude to your structural strategy, because without that, no idea is any good. I  is all about what kind of s you structure-they have to be quite firm/solid and not ''soft''-summer like:)It thought of a right structure, even used different variation of s-with numerous colours, so I  I did ok for the first exercise-just to break the creativity ice:)Even though the design of the structure is very basic (criss-crossing the s), I like the way the color and shape of womens shigh heels and the shining pathes on running s serve as little decorations and brake down the monotany that would dark business s otherwise create. I thing your  deserves an 8, because it could be improved in the areas of design originality and overall height.After I saw products of my colleegues, I  I should put more thought into finding better design for the , one that wouldn't require so many s and would therefore increase the cm/ index. I still believe that my structure is visually appealing, since it has bright and matching color scheme and its front and top is decorated with nicer pairs of s.I thought your   really is a pop of colours, and that is all about-being unique, creative and show us your range of s:) I appreciate the amount of thaught and effort that went into building your . At first sight your structure looks just thrown together, but after I looked at it more closely, I found out it looks like a christmass tree. Because it's in brown shades, it has a melancholic and sad feel about it, but it lookes interesting. I would grade your  with 7, because it looks like a piece of art (it's not so aestheticall pleasing, but it awakes some emotions in spectator-especially when you figure out it remindes you of a christmass tree), but I  you could improve on the height of the , since you were working with winter s. All in all, the result is very interesting."I would grade you  with 9. There are several things I really like about your structure:1. It's aesthetically pleasing: the structure is simple, streight, colors are bright and matching (despite the fact that building blocks are s).2. It's composition holds a flare of mistery: at first glance I noticed it looks as a spiral and because  laces are not immediatly visible, I was wondering how is this structure defining the gravity.3. It is product of out of the box ing: I find it very creative that you found around the rule of not using any aditional materials for building the . Using  laces to connect s and fortify the structure was very creative ing.-You managed to build relatively high structure with few s.I just wonder how your technique would work with more s. Idea is very good, but I  you would have a problem with higher number of s. Diameter of your  is small and I  it would start to lean very quickly. Because thin structures can bare higher forces when hanging instead of supporting their own weight I  your technique would be very successfull if you would just hang (with laces) the whole  from a tree branck or something similar.Again, I'm really impressed by what you achieved with clever ing and so little s. I would give you a 10 if you would use more s.""Well done on your  building exercise! I liked the fact that you tried different versions and revised your original idea of trying to copy the famous structures. I am sure you learned something about your own unique creativity. I had trouble with my wife's heels ;) so I understand the problems you were having there so you have to be complimented for your perseverance in using the 'building material' that was available to you.I  you really did well to make a decision to use less s in order to go higher. This also increased your metric value to an excellent 3. An important lesson for me here is that sometimes less is more. Creativity comes up in many shapes and sizes. Sometimes people don't even want to start because they believe they need more resources. What you have proven is that you can be creative with very little, in fact the limits you had to deal with forced you to be even more creative and really  about the best solution.I  if you spent more time on the exercise you could have done even better and come up with an even 'higher' or 'better' . Thinking and creativity needs time. The more me you spend on finding solutions the more your mind will be activated. As you probably experienced with this exercise the more time you spent building the more ideas came to you e.g. you made the decision to build your own version of a  instead of copying others when you realized that your resources will not allow for it. It is only through doing, trying, failing and experimenting that our minds jump to the next idea, conclusion or improvement. It takes time.It would also have been interesting to read what you possibly learned from your experience and how it made you feel as you seemed to be having fun and being very productive with the process. It was a privilege to read your submission. When I compare it to my submission I was struck by the two unique approaches and solutions which again proves the unique nature of creativity and how we interpret challenges and problem solving. I also enjoyed your positive attitude and pride in your work. Keep up the good work and thank you!  "firmly  balanced  very colorful could have add more pairs"Very nice I love the beauty of your . Should rate more than a 7Most creativity come from combining things you see or know in a unique new wayMagic""I like the simplicity, boldness and asymmetry of your .It's uniqueness is it's asymmetry and height for the number of s. I really liked the way it wasn't a triangular shape.You could have added interest by placing a different shape and colored  next to the top boot.My eyes were opened by the simple way you thought about building the  (I had many squashed s!) and I wish I had a pair of those boots! I very much like your positive attitude, it makes me realize that I am bogged down a bit."well illustrated   uniquely  created however drawing does not match words"Positive: Good description of methodology followed. Good use of various types of s. Unique: Use of balance as a specific design featureRevision: in plan C change the  order so that the s look in the same direction going into a circle to improve the beauty factor of the design.Education: Design can be creative. ""Thank you for the privilege of giving you feedback.I enjoyed your description and the planning that went into your construction especially the aesthetic side. Thank you also for reflecting on the exercise and being honest about your submission. I  one of the outcomes of the exercise was to make us  and reflect and you did that well judging by your last answer.As mentioned, your color matching was very interesting. I  you went out of your way to create something pretty with the resources you had which is commendable. I would have loved to see a drawing or a pic. I did not really concentrate on aesthetics much but more on the height and I kind of regretted that afterwards. Although i believe creativity has very little to do with beauty I do agree that it is very important especially if you want other people to 'like' it and contribute or collaborate.I  if you spent more time on the exercise you would have had more of the insights you wrote about in your last comment. I therefore understand the regrets you mentioned. Creativity and innovation relies a lot on failure, risk-taking and experimentation and it is good that you mentioned that. it would have been even better and much more satisfying if you were able to 'feel' and experience it for yourself. I can see that your are uniquely creative and with a bit more time (because we always need more time to  and solve problems) you would have had a number alternatives (even risky ones!) to your original idea that you could have then tried out.Thank you for going ahead and doing this despite your limited time and resources. I certainly learned to try and pay more attention to the aesthetic nature of my solution as I ignored this for most of the time I as building. Is it because I am a man ;)? I also enjoyed your comments about what other people thought of the exercise! Thank you very much and keep it up.""Excellent and especially the amount of effort you put into this construction i.e. trying 5 times!!I like the unique way you provide your evidence ,by showing the measurement tape in your picture.A suggestion I have is high lighting or noting down Key Words in the question eg Q 4.How did you assess this?(comparison,survey or friends)I learnt that students persevere and get great results,but often are too self critical on rating their s.I see no dust and I  this   is beautiful !Thank you.""In the end this was quite easy \Maybe it did nor look to good but the problem was solved Some times creativity is adaption of some thing else you know way  in a different to solve  a new problem"wow!, you make me feel so embarrassed by my " !" well done:-).  I  that you went above and beyond creating your  - i love that you spend time ing about this, the balance, the colors, and the assembly. I find the work unique for the fact that is does become sculptural pieces.  I would give you a 10 out of 10 for creativity and beauty.  You have reminded me once again, to be present in the moment, to take ones time, attention to detail and to make something beautiful out of "nothing".  I have to congratulate you, well done, you have inspired me!"Well done, only 8 pairs of s and you got to 58cm! I love the unique and symmetric structure with the gaps between the s, I can see that he structure was well thought through! A true  with a solid base and all the colours together make it really beautiful. As I mentioned I like the fact that there are spaces between the s and that I can seer through the structure the overall structure testifies to ""balance"" being key.Work well done with 8 pairs of s, it has taught me that ""less is sometimes more"" and that going for the highest or the biggest doesn't always result in the best. Thank you.""I liked how the base was wide than the upper portions of the , and that you did this with a mix of different  types. It's also great that you tried six times, and that this helped you get a taller .What I consider unique is that all the right way up, and it looks like you have squashed them down to make them pack together better. Also, you have used some s that are difficult to put in the , like the sandals, but still got a  higher than mine, which was 82cm.The structure looks a bit untidy to me, and not structured enough, so if you tried to do the same thing again you may get a different result.I  a more regular stacking of s may have given you as high or higher structure but with far fewer s. For example with mine, although I didn't get as high as you, I got a T number of 11, because I only used 7 s. My first attempt used far more s, but wasn't even as high as my last attempt with only 7 s. Best of luck for the rest of the course."well thought out and ambitious had more s lacked innovation"Excellent work,you answered all questions well.A very good start was building a solid foundation.your style of building was interesting and methodical.ie you built in stages with trial and error approach.I like your honesty about rating beauty,ie not easy.I suggest perhaps you make notes of your ideas before and during the building activity.Also highlight/note KEYWORDS of questions for clarity.By providing this feedback I learnt Key words and note taking is just as important for me in future tasks.Thank you for your well done activity!""Wow you've got a lot of s! Well done for building a  as I image it is hard to get a lot height with mainly flat sandals (I only really had boots to use). I like how you considered the task to not just be an exercise but rather a work of craftsmanship where you were using your hands to create something.Thanks for sharing the quotes I found them quite valuable and I will  about them next time I try to make something.I would have really loved to see you try out more ways of building your . Especially with all the s that your have! :) I  the recommended time spent per week is at least 3 hours so even another 15 minutes could have produced some interesting results.I like the idea that you conveyed that our creations are unique and we should be proud of what we take time to make. Thanks""I like the documenting of my ideas and prototypes. To often I just try to do something once and pretend that that is the best I can do. By documenting each attempt I can track my own thought process and the lessons that I learnt along the way.I enjoyed naming my creations as it helped make them more unique and memorable.I maybe should have further refined my ideas to create a taller structure. For example combing the uniformity of the Zen Stone method with the strength and height of the building block method might have produced a better result. I should have also thought more out of the box and taken the laces out of my s and/or used sandles to gain height.I like the picture story method that not only guides you through the project but shows ownership of it.""Hi there :)This is a great attempt!I believe that the exercise is meant to get us used to trying many different options, regardless of what what the outcome is. I  7 attempts is a lot! Your  looks very strong but, given that you have so many boots, I would have likes to see them on top where they don't have to carry so much load.""Nice short and sweet. Pity there is no visual.Did you, like me ran out of s? Thanks for forcing me to ""see"" the   ""I thought this   was awesome, higher than mine and the other person I have given feedback to. It has a very pleasing shape, looks stable and attractive!They key unique aspect was ing of putting s inside the other s.The bottom of the pile amusingly looks like two people standing back-to-back. I wonder if you continued this upwards you could get taller? What I struggled with is similar to what you have ended with: I  you have shown great creativity, but you haven't done the fast failure. I forced myself to move quickly and try fail, but in the end I went back to a structure I thought would work from early on. Although I only reached 82cm, I did it with 7 s, so I got a T value of 11. I couldn't help but keep this T value in mind the whole time, even though it wasn't the main focus. I figured with a million s you could make a  of hundreds of metres high, and they would form a large cone. But there is no creative value in this... I would liked to have seen evidence, in my approach and yours, that intelligent fast failure resulted in a taller structure, rather than a good start, to see it in action. Hope you enjoy the rest of the course."I  that it was a good idea to use the boots as a base and it's unique that the s were piled into the boots to make them more firm. For improvement, I dont  its necessary to use as many s and just place them in a better angle. I learnt that it's sometimes better to  beyond the norm by playing around with the angles and shapes of s to maximize the height."well done!! what a very high  :-)I like the fact that you were so very excited about the project.  I can almost ""feel"" how much fun you had with it.  What i like most is that you learned through your failures/mistakes and kept on going.  Something that I have to remember.  I  the  is very creative and that you should be commended for all your attempts.  Sorry about the monster :-(.  Also I  having the   contest at your house is very imaginative...........................hope it was lots of fun! "I really like how the  was ended off with the one  inside the other, it's really smart and not something I would've thought of. I  it's interesting how just sneakers and flat s were used, it's really good for stability. It's really well done that your T value was 4, I  that's a really good T value and I agree that the  was a 7 on the beauty scale. As improvement, maybe there could've been less s used by placing the angles of the s just right. From this submission, I learnt that it's not necessary to end of the  by placing more s ontop - but to rather start placing the s in diiferent angles. Well done"Excellent!Choosing the right s is key and less is more impressed me most.Well done ,your focus in the construction of the  was perfect,I .Only suggestion I have is perhaps noting Key Words of the questions and Instructions.I learnt that by asking others for comment one realises that we all see things differently,no matter how simple things are.Thank you for your excellent work!""A great strength was your approach to the task,where you took action in building your  instead of ing about it too long.Excellent,because now you could revise and improve until you were happy with your work.The way in which you decided to position your s was interesting.I have some suggestions 1) note down the KEY WORDS of the questions before you start and you can also rewrite the questions asked in your OWN wordsI learnt from this feedback that I myself must use Keywords for questions as this will give me clarity at once.I also learnt that doing a task as soon as possible is a good approach because you are focused on the task as opposed to ing about it too much and perhaps loosing focus in the process.Thank you,I learnt from this evaluation!""Positive: The   looks very solid with a strong base and foundations build up layer by layer with a beautiful top consisting out of woman s. s were turned up and down showing forethought in seeking stability by how the s are positioned. I am impressed by the reported stability that was achieved by the design.  I applaud the way the heavier s were placed below and the lighter s on top. Unique: The base has a unique and interesting design laying the s flat to create an inward force that helps gaining height. This rather than beginning with s standing up straight is key to the design success of the .Revision: Although height was achieved, the T value was remained fairly low. Placing s vertically can get the same height with a higher T-value. The top makes use of s with a vertical placement. Try to experiment with more s in a vertical position. Education: Again the base is for me the biggest learning point because I did not consider putting s sideways. Another learning experience was the value of putting woman s on top to round of the 's beauty. ""I am sorry that there isn't a picture of your , so I can't comment on it.I do like your attitude though, especially when you say that sitting on the floor and building this  is a big step for you. It's the beginning of doing things differently, which means that you will begin to get different results. It's about challenging your usual behaviour. As I am already an artist it reminded me that I too must find new ways to see things differently.""Tall and thin looks great. Probably the most efficient (T-value)  around)Single row, use of hiking and wellies unique.Have seen much better looking and higher s with different shapes. My changes were only in orientation; I have no evidence of ing outside the box, like putting a  inside a s (although I consider buffering wellies by stuffing). In retrospect I realise now that I could have taken laces out and tied some together to make more stable, or even use tether ropes! That is what I would do now. I  fast failure may be useful, but can be even more powerful if supplemented by other creativity techniques.""Well done for not giving up after your first go and trying 4 more times! It's great that as you went along you realised the need for great stability and were considering the ""root of the problem"".I  your idea of putting sandals in s is a great way for to gain height with this  . I really would have loved to see a picture/photograph of your creation so I could understand better how it worked. I personally find pictures to be one of the most powerful methods of conveying an idea. Even if it's just a basic sketch. I also calculated your T value for you (remember T=(height in cm)/(number of s)) and saw that you got 3.75 which doesn't seem too bad.Reading through your submission I realised how trying many different approaches to solving a problem will help highlight the root of the problem! Thanks"  Very confident submission and rare remember picture can tell detailsThis  is really great. Maximum height was found by using a minimum of s. I find it interesting that the was built differently by considering different angles of the s. As improvement, I can't imagine anything to make it better but maybe there is a possibility of building a higher . This  really taught me to  outside of the box and consider different angles for next time. Well done"The sense of humor throughout this report is great. And all the s are lovely - beautiful s!It was good to see how peer review had a positive influence on confidence.I  the attempts and failures have been quite well summarized.I like the summary of factors that affect the process  - how all the different qualities of the s have been noted.I could not quite understand what was meant by the 45 minutes. Was  this how long it actually took? Or was that too long or too short? This got me ing - Can we even put a time on the creative process? And is there and ideal number of attempts?""I  I did well and spent more than enough time on this exercise reflecting and ing about what i possibly learned, especially when I compare it with some of the submissions I gave feedback on. i certainly spent more time on it than the ones I saw ;)! I also enjoyed how I kept reflecting and writing down not only ideas but also reflections and experiences as I was building (in my idea journal!). That helped a lot in finishing the exercise as I kept going back to the notes to summarize my thoughts and reflections. I also kept concentrating on any learnings and not only on the exercise which led to a great time with my son and discovering the human value of creativity!What happened to me that was really awesome was he reflection I could have when my son 'joined' the project. What other project would have afforded us this opportunity? I am proud to have seen the connection between creativity and human potential.I did not really pay too much attention to the aesthetic part of my construction. I was having too much fun!? It would have provided me with another challenge if i concentrated on it more. I do believe however that aesthetics have very little if anything to do with creativity. I could have also spent more time on the exercise as I was pressed for time. Next time I will try to start earlier in the week.Rating/judging my own work is quite difficult but also rewarding. I have to step back and be critical but also be aware to praise myself. I am glad to have had the opportunity to give feedback and also to look at my own work. The comparison has done me well as i believe i spent more time reflecting on my exercise than the two exercises I have seen from others. I thought I did not do enough but now I actually  I spent too much time ;). Well done to me and my Jean!""Hi there :)I'm sure that your  was very impressive (hard to tell without a pic)I quite like Santiago Calatrava. He is an Engineer and Architect, and through physics he creates beautiful structures.""I like the way that each time a failure is described, there is a reason identified and then the approach is modified to deal with that. The report is very honest, but I would have liked to have seen some reflection on the creativity score.It certainly does look like a sturdy  - despite the slanting floor!The photograph is a little dark, but my only problem with that is that I would have liked to have seen the s that inspired this  and it would have been good to know what the symbolism behind the s was.I can relate to what is said about the weight distribution of the s as I had  similar experience. It got me ing what it would be like to do this exercise in a group where we could bounce ideas off one another. If we could come together, armed with our newly acquired insights into constructing with s, imagine what we could come up with!""Hi there :)I am impressed that your  stood standing for so long. I appreciate your approach at creating a stable structure (what good is a structure that could so easily fall down)My only advice is that, like a Jenga  - http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/2452/jenga - not all of the blocks are required for structural integrity. That is how the  grows. Perhaps a narrow base and more critical placement could result in a higher ?"Having looked at other submissions I could have had more attempts and thought out of the box.Great solid base, I like the symmetry and the placement of the last pair of s to get the extra hight. The fact that you were not scared to place some of the s upside-down to get a stable  has taught me to be more flexible or creative with my own ing when approaching a problem, thank you."Positive: The level of effort invested in the exercise is impressive. The photo of the s forming a circle immediately captures the eye and is a very unique approach to building a  and different from the normal form of a straight column upwards. The description shows that the creator of the  put in some critical thought and tried out a variety of approaches to come up with a workable design. A very impressive T value is reported.Unique: As above the circular form is truly a unique approach and created a stable . Revision: The idea you gave yourself to use colors to make your circle  more beautiful is a good idea ...take the idea forward, implement it and put that forward as a photo. It seems as if only male s with a heavy form has been used. A bit more height might be achieved by combining other type of s like female s. Education: I like the way in which different forms were used as a base to  about different ways of approaching the . The circular design is evidence of the value of this approach. "I understand the situation with the dog; my  was a battle against time with an 11-month-old during nap. For your , I really like the simple yet effective design. My first thought when I saw your  was, "It's the letter 'Z'." :) I really like how you made a design out of something so simple, even if it was frustrating. For a revision, I am not sure what else you could do. Maybe a balance of the same s? That could be possible where the same s go up (bottom  and fourth  are the same, second to bottom and fifth to bottom are the same, and third to bottom and top  are the same.) Then again, I don't know if you tried that. I learned that my   design was not the best way to approach the project since I tried to pile in as many s as possible regardless of the 'T' factor. First of all, the positive parts of my   (including the attempts) is that I caught the part that was a problem to the   and corrected them! Also, I kind of felt impressive of myself when I attempted to try in many ways. I did not stick to one way (well, only the jenga style, but for other parts of the  , i tried different ways). I had this enthusiasm to attempt more so that i could create a better  . However, i also found out the negative side of me and the   project during the exercise. First of all, i found out that i was extremely obsessed with making the   higher at first because of my competitiveness. At last, when i learned that making the  as high as possible wasnt the point, i felt the previous attempts i tried were in vain. Next time, before starting with the project, i hope i can first find out whats the true "beauty" or the "point" that the project is telling, and then carry out with the exercise! I like that you used an architectural design as a basis, which certainly made it easy to limit the number of s you used, as well as providing a sound structure. When I was building my , I was ing in terms of pyramids for a base but I  your approach was much more sound. As a second  build, it may have been neat to use s with solid colors as a way of producing a tile effect, but I don't really have any suggestions for revision beyond that. I like it. If I were to build a  again, I would go with a simpler approach like you did. Good job! The first thing about my design I was ing for my grand plan was pyramid design. Just like when my kids and I are stacking blocks, I always try to establish the need for a really strong base. In my design, I went with biggest s to smallest, for the most part, since some s tumbled. My s served as the base since I have the biggest feet in my household. My wife's s were stacked on top of the base. My three-year-old's s were on top of my wife's s, and a few of the 11-month-old's s were placed at the top. By looking at other's designs, I was definitely not efficient in my design. I figured many people would go for the highest "T-Factor," but that wasn't my goal. Still, I could have been a lot more efficient than what I built. Perhaps devoting more than one hour to a project could help to make my project more competitive. However, personal creation can be self-pleasing even if others are not amazed. First of all, I  this   exercise is really impressive because the submitter has tried different variables to create a nice  . The variables (soft, hard s, quality and shape of the s, good control distance) that the submitter used show how the submitter had tried to create a creative and a sturdy   that is both impressive and "uncollapsable". This could be seen as the "strength". I was also impressed when the submitter learned that the height and the quantity was not actually important when his high  fell down at first. This shows that the submitter has learned something from his experience and his "fear" of not making the s high had given him a more creative and a more sturdy  . He has basically learned something from his experience and from his fear. His statements clearly tell us that fear is not a bad thing. It can actually turn out as an improvement. Lastly, it was also impressive because from each step, the submitter learned new things that could give him a better start. For this peer review assignment, I learned that there is always a lesson from each failure, and that failure could inspire us in the later trials. Failure is not necessary a thing people should fear about. Oveall, i really enjoyed this peer review assignment!It is impressive that he has tried hard and attempted many times to create the   on the picture. The   looks wonderful and great!!! I  the   looks great mainly because the front and back of the   has maintained equilibrium ( the  is not at all slanted. It is perfectly a triangle). It looks super sturdy! One thing i want to comment on this submission is that next time the submitter could be more specific on the submission. It would be really helpful if he could reflect his exercises in details so that he could know exactly and specifically which part he should improve the most later."Hi there. I'm really surprised. At first sight... o yeaaaa !!! Excelent look, simetry... well combined colors... It is not a real  but you've done a good job.Well, mi sugestion are to try to make a real  (is a excelent experience) and you can increase the score using boots (tallest)  and reducing the number of s (more cm. divided by less s). Thank you to show me a new tool for my creativity. ""Your work put me in a difficult situation. First of all it does not meet the stablished requirements of the assigment. By the other hand, this is a Creativity course, and freedom is part of it. You have made very few attempts with the s, before changing the rules of the game. Your assigment put on the table a goog subject for discussion: previous limits impose conditions to creativity or promote creativity. I will include this in the forum for general discussion.Going back to the peer evaluation,  metric of the s  is not applicableto your . Your  can not be compare with the ones from rest of the assigments. Not grade is given because of that.""I  it's a good job but need to improve in the comments and be a little more communicative. To have a good result I need to find quality quantity, that is, do many s to find the ideal.""A concise critical report on the creation process.  It was interest the choice type of s and the aim that the  had to have and homogenous look.I miss more information on the attempts (time, feelings) and a more self-critical view. Although, its ok to be just happy with the result.As a feedback provider of myself, I found the most difficult thing to be self-critical. ""Positive:it  is a high .Unique:Ther are differents sizes and models.Revision: I would improve the aesthetic feature.Education:I have understood than s are useful tools to learn creativity.Points: 6""I like that the  is neat and simple. I also like colours I used. Unfortunately I only tried once and as I used all s I thought it is enough. So I missed the opportunity to build sth more creative and higher at the same time.Nothing unique.I should spend more time and tried different options. Concentrate on what has to be done and look at the problem from different perspectives. The objective should not be to be perfect at first attempt, but to get good result in lon term. Do not be afraid of failure:)""EvaluationPositive: Ingenious construction that allows gaining full potential of the s shapes to achieve the objective of achieving maximum high.Unique: Excellent ratio of T = 7.42 and good combination of colors which s a clean designRevision: By the way the picture is made it gives the impression that the s do lean on the wall to gain structural strength/balance; it would have been a better if the s picture would show a free standing s structure.Education: A clean design makes at all times a good impression. Cleve it is wad to profit from the  heel (tallest part if the  lies flat on the floor) to achieve the target of high with minimum resources."I achieved a very good T metric with only four elements, it can be seen as a limitation and in this case I take them as an advantage. is interesting the lack of equilibrium and the fast development of the , the exploration was the bigger success to achieve the greatest height. Using flip-flops can be cheating and not very honest. I learned to appreciate the good things and to see the weakness, what I will keep and what I will try to avoid/correct."This was a great ! You made an effort combining different colors and sorts of s, as we were advised to do. I also recognize that you worked creatively on the static (or the standing-alone) of the , bracing the structure with other s to keep it stable. I understand your dog issue, I have four dogs at home and they were also delighted to see such a  treasure out of the closet ;-) In a way, they also wanted to 'help'.You also showed creativity in the way to send and display your foto! Sending a foto of the cel you found a shortcut and a creative solution to the problem you had. So congratulations!I also  that you are too hard to yourself with only a 5 grade in beauty... I would rather tip to 7!The only  you could have tried (and maybe you did, I just cannot see it from the picture) is to sort out the s depending on their weight and stability. Although using the boots is a smart thing because they are tall, maybe they are not stable enough for the base? Or maybe it could have been interesting to try different  forms, like a pyramid. From your structure I leaned the bracing underpining the . I  I will try it the next time! Thanks for sharing your work! "Creativity is clearly there, just stepping down the stairs and going to run and run with the full  of sI  you engaged in all the steps of the suggested building exercise; you explain well the process and the outcomes, the evolution of the ing process and how that was put into practice. I find interesting using Instagram for rating the "beauty" of the creation. Id suggest letting go of words like "wrongly", they have the power of deflating our creative mood - the weight distribution that didnt help keeping your  upright might be a needed effect in another situation and if you reflect on it, you might realize you actually learned a lot from those "mistakes". For me it is useful to see how other people had tackled a common task, it helps me see my own ing process in a new way comparing it to others.The tiptoe at the top IS cool. I used a lot of s, much more than some of my peers, I really wanted it to be able to stand on its own! Maybe I should have tried with more designs, maybe I would have found something I liked better or that looked more like a ! I stick to the comment I made on my creativity!An eminent response to the question, for sure being the best I have seen"Wow! I really like your ! I  it is amazing that you achieved such a height with so few s... I would say that you have built the  with a triangle section, which is very smart, and that you have put some s inside the others to tie them and make it more stable. Congratulations!I also like the top of the , with this very last  completing the structure like the Empire State Building. Considering the color combination, I see that black rules in your closet! The sneakers here and there are eye-catching and make it a bit more informal - which is good!I like very much the structure. It seems light but stable at the same time, and shows that you devoted some time to  and check different options for the building up. I cannot really give you any suggestion for improvement; maybe only that with a wider base and a pyramid you could have possibly piled a bit higher...Thanks for sharing your work! And congratulations for you and for your kids!"Very interesting using the little dog to help us see the concept of your . I suggest you to use physics  (mechanic, dynamic and static concepts) to improve your building experience, and of course to try more times, just 2 attempts are not enough to enjoy this experience. Also, try to create a  as high as possible using the fewer s possible, to increase the T factor...just give it a try and you will understand. :Djajaja, good picture, and i like the mix of colours jajaj. maybe the height/num s, is a little bit smail, less than 5. all the best. i like your experiment.I like your technic,  into other  to build the . But, perhaps this method didn't allow you to build a higher . Well done ! "EvaluationPositive:  Personally I do disagree with your consideration that is not a beautiful design. On the opposite the effect of the running  and the counterweight provided by the High-heeled  is very interesting.Unique: The use of counterweight and the effect achievedRevision: More of your own work attempts should have been conducted to provide more security with regards to the result achieved.Education: Think less about the available resources and more about  the design needs and later look for resources.""Positive: This  is built in a very careful way. I failed and tried many times and took into account many factors during the process. I believe this is a great start at developing creativity, innovation and change.Unique: I  my  is really beautiful. It might not be the tallest one but it is nice to look at it. Also the T formula gives a good result!Revision: I could have built a higher , trying further with more attempts.Education: It really helped me to evaluate my own work. I see now how I could improve better than before. I am enjoying the course very much."Nice work, definitely find more balance models of s than me. You've worked hard.First of all, I must say your  has made me  about my work. I built a much higher  but got a lower T value which makes me  I was possibly wasting "resources" so I  your solution was simple and smart. If your design must be judged by the T value, I doubt it can get much better than this. It would have been interesting to see you try different approaches to how to build the  and see if you could have thought of a different building method.I was positively impressed by such a profound description of the process of construction of the  ! A great approach concidering meaningless of the exercise! :) I also  that you are too critical to yourself, you always try to do your best at work. My piece of advice - dont pay so much attention on details wich are only important for you (Im sure they are really substantial), but try to  out of the box, breaking the mold and trying something really different. "From my point of view your work is not very precise. You should have explained better about the processes you followed and why you finally chose this  as the better alternative.Try to work harder, I  this creative work is fun and shouldn't imply effort."Besides the lack of images, you tried to describe in words your building process and the outcomes and I congratulate you on that. I find you would benefit from a bit more detail, explaining the process of building and your own reflections meanwhile. In my understanding the rating part of the assignment was supposed to focus more on the reflection part - how do we chose a value, what criteria do we use, did we find support in others or no, rather than on the numeric value. I  the value of this process lies not in the highest values (that we gave ourselves) but in our capacity to reflect critically on our own ing and doing in order to do better next time. As a feedback provider I get a grasp of how diverse we are in our ing and understanding/engagement with a given task."He has presented the exercise in a very detailed way, he has dedicated a lot of time to that. I like very much the process, looking for right materials, ing on the target and going for it in using different approaches. I also like the idea of pre-assembling the building blocks. Finally I found interesting the reflection that the tallest is not the necessarily the best. Using building blocks was a definitive innovation.I am a bit critical on the point of using the laces, from my point of view it is a little on the edge of what was allowed by the instructions.His approach has some similarities with mine, I have learned the idea of building blocks and the reflections on how do we know that we have achieved our target."I am very proud about my s . I realise that the most important thing is to build a solid base in order to support all the rest of s. Starting by strong s and finishing s, like  It's was a nice experience for me build this   and rememorate the Catalan human s !"It does look very nice! I like the white  at the top, and the whole thing actually looks like a  with that base. Why didn't you try to make it stand on its own? another kind of design would have helped!How did you assess how beautiful your  was? you just give us a number!Nice job!""Although you didn't had enough time, it has been a good exercise and all sections had been correct.The idea of put the highest s in the top of the  making them higher and give elegance and I  it was niceIf you had had more time I  you could do a high  with less s. Congratulations"I find you completed all the steps of the assignment and described them accordingly. Using the -laces was an innovative approach to the exercise that I hadnt seen yet, so congrats on that! I find that when you reflect on the beauty of your  you kind of mess concepts like simple, successful and unique with beautiful - they could coexist but they dont necessarily imply each other. This could open a philosophical question to what beauty is and how each person experiences it. In my case, I learned from you submission that I shouldnt limit myself unnecessarily - I have thought of  laces right away but, after analysing the donts of the assignment, I considered them part of what we were supposed not to use, so I left that approach unexplored. Learning never ends!The creative levels presented in this exercise is good, the will to try and try again are a sign of it, also, is interesting that the goal to arrive the greatest height is pursued until the end. Working the elements separately would have been helpful to fulfil all your goals quickly. Looking at your exercise I consider that I need to put more effort on mine."Well, it is very neat isn't it? Simple and functional, for me it doesn't have to be spectacular with fireworks and all, it was a , of s, it stood! I like the design, is nt bad at all, I like that it stands on its own I've seen some people putting it against a wall.Maybe there's no value of the exercise, I also felt the same until I realised I was actually having fun and then I stopped worrying, i guess it's about helping your brain remember how it felt when doing this things was actually fun!""Amazing!!I like the way to get a higer .I , you could put more colorful sI tried something close to your work, but not that great. Congratulation!"Good job, I really like your  and the culmination of it I like the idea, it occurred to me there but I would have been bigger.A quiet and serene source of naturality and simplicity to reach solutions in life. When you are induced towards height you answer with horizontality reaching the same goals from a more human perspective."Great job!It's a surprise to read your reflections, I've made very similar ones. Like de heaviest ones, and doing it by pairs. I share with you the frustration about the stability of it.Your T value is really good. I would like to know how long did the   stayed straight before falling down.In my opinion, it looks really nice and artisticI couldn't do it better. Congrats"I like maybe your height/ number of s is a little bit small. I like your experiment."I  that the  looks really stable at the bottom and a bit weak on the top due to the high heels. There is a nice combination of different sorts of s, and, after having seen other examples, I really gave a second and a third thought to the base and the sorting of the s. It is not a 'sophisticated' construction, but it works really good. The bottom looks like a formless pile of s, but actually there is a circle structure. It is a pity that it does not come through...From the procedure, I found it interesting that I tried different structures and different forms. It was a trial and error procedure but not out of the blue, I tried things systematically, improving what went wrong in the previous attempt. Even further, I let some time pass between attempts to let the brain relax a little bit.Well, beauty is not the main value of the , but the form is interesting. A bit like the Eiffel .Next time I would try to affix the structure somehow. And also use boots better, stuffing s inside for exemple to make the whole less shaky at the top.""I am really impressed by the  approach and the  process followed on this assigment. The final result shows indeed the work carried out. I  that your creative process was well structured and iteractive : first got some background, then have a first idea to make initial attempts, after the first result another iteration some additional background and a good sleep , then the final result. Something beyond the initial expectation. Congratulations! Good job. I will grade your work with a 8.5."great, maybe small number of s but a large ratio of height/ number of s.I  is a good decision to construct the  in real world. it is  well balanced and have a good look. It is a good idea to use Photoshop but to coloring and make a deep visual impact."I find interesting the approach of the triangle as a stable structure. It can also be interesting to try other type of structures, perhaps with less stability, but that could lead to higher Ts. There is something I can't understand: 10 layers of 3 s each one, are 30 s. You talk about 180 s. What a pity that we couldn't see the photos. According to the goals of the exercise, it could have been interesting to try to reach s with higher T since T = 60/180 = 0,3. I'm sure there is a mistake somewhere.Often it is useful to try different strategies just to see what they can give you: you can have good surprises.You have worked with stability as a primordial goal. You might have taken more risk and try other structures less stables than the triangle and see what happen. You might have learnt different things. You could have tried other goals as slenderness, aesthetics, etc, that would have given you a more complete experience. I admire your effort:  2,5 hours devoted to the exercise is a lot of time. Congratulations.""Wow! Impressive. It was so smart to use less s and get the  higher! I like that you tried so many times and was not affraid of changing your mind - flexible guy! that the first  I am rating (incl. mine) that is not robust but T is really high. You were not affraid to be modest to achieve the objective. Nice! Maybe from artistic point of view it is boring (but it is more the fault of your s than you!)It was a pleasure to rate your work!"My creation is a big construction and I  I'll enjoy this course."Well done!This is a very well thought out  and the structure is magnificent! I couldn't help wondering how you got all those similar looking s! A real piece of engineering!You've definitely concentrated on stability and practically. It is artistic, and if you had continued it would have looked like a  skyscraper!There is certainly no right way to build a   and I'm sure if given the time, other ideas would have emerged. I used two boots to make mine taller, which was part of the request in the exercise.I have learned from these exercises that there are many ways of doing things!Good luck with your next assignment.""He goes to the point, few words but precise. I like it since I'm a bit pressed by time.I thing he has a very stable , I tried to do some thing like that at the beginning of mine but I did not succeed.My suggestion is to try to use more s in vertical position, Would have provided easy height, may be at the expense of a not so stable .I have learned that presenting the results in a short way, makes it very easy to evaluate. Thank you."I  I have taken this experience very seriously, using physics concepts of mechanic, dynamic and static, and attempting a lot of times to gain the concept of fast failure. I feel I have done a very complete exercise."Great job. You've made the tallest   with only 4 s!It's beautiful, the shape and the colours made it very elegant and artistic look.Very elegant and clean. The shape and the colors make it very aestethic and artistic lookThe T value is amazing. With only 4 s I couldn't do it better. congratulations.  But I could try to find out some more s (from friends or family), This is the tallest 2 pairs of s that you can make, but you could make a biggest one if you could work on having some more other s, but if having more s was so difficult and you couldnt make an effort on having more, I just have to say that you really did your best. The T formula: T = (Total  height in cm) divided by (Number of s).""Positive: very solid base, well fitted s, variety of colors and shapes. Give the feeling of a family  looks great walking a lot. I have gotten this high  with only 5 trials! is very well planned. Unique: I find it very interesting that the  has as it rises will be thinner, like the Eiffel . Review: I would suggest trying to do the same  with less s and to improve the ratio T. Sounds good to me all the progress you explain the 5 attempts to reach the final , is an indicator of improvement, Congratulations"After seeing the work of others I believe I should have paid more attention to the T value. Looking for a simpler solution could have yielded a better result. I am sure the more time I would have put to work more solutions and alternatives I would have thought up.The  is very symetric. Correct job. Some touch of art is missed. I will grade with a 5."The  structure looks very complicated above all the top of it. I really apreciate that you have try to do the  with differt tipes of s. I do like your choice of s.I really like your  but I  you have cared more about the esthetic part and not so much about the high of the . With this feedback I hve learned that everyone has a different tipe of creativity and focuses on different things""Self-EvaluationPositive: The s structural constrains when analyzing the   construction exercise was conducted. Fact that is demonstrated in the 2 very different  models executed.Unique:There was no uniqueness in the projectRevision:Missing was the consideration of using a more complicated construction approach implementing counterweight options or taller s (High-heeled or safety footwear for example).Education:More structure or methodical process should have been applied for the start of the creativity process to allow a higher or improved exercise outcome like for example:-	What can be considered or defined as a ? Broadening construction material options!!!-	Selection of the best s options to achieve the design and the height goals.-	Broadening the interaction opportunities. Who could help or provide insight or where more information could gather to broaden construction ideas. -	Less ing about the available resources and more about the design needs and later figure out how to gather the necessary resources or possible alternatives. Evaluating of the alternatives to again new perspectives and design possible options.-	Benefits and possible parallel benefits off the exercise making. For example video filming, creating a story, involve others"I  you do it so good and you have made your best. Very good, 8"Dear colleague,I like your ! What I appreciate the most is Team approach! I like that you have engaged your two children to build the . The  is neat and looks nice. The way you used the colors is also appreciated. It seems to be stable and teh fundament is smart and solid. What I find unique (as I did not do it:) is that you had systematic approach - like ig before building (creat solid base etc.) and then trying and re-trying!Maybe some more of artistic, crazy elements would make the  more lively?I learnt that it is always good to cooperate with others!"This is a very tall . I like it very much. I'm sorry you don't have more s to make it taller. A good and reconfortable night does s look in another way ;-)Your  is good, because it had a good base and in the top it had one  (pyramid form). Perhaps the base could be more big in order to build a higher . Well done ! watching my mates's  I realized that I use to many s and even I reach a very high , my T value has been reduced by this. I  I have should used less s"The  is high but also colourfull because I have care about the esthetic part and also about the stability and hight. The unique thing of my  is that I have used different tipes of s: boots, athletic s, flip-flpos...What I do not really like about my  is that the shape of it is very regular.With this feedback, I have learned to  evaluate my own work seeing the good and the bad things.""I am very happy with my work. I would like to have found the time to built the s (not just making the drafts). In fact my next challenge is to built the s.I  I could work harder with the colors and the combinations between them. I focused more on the structure rather than the beauty.As a conclusion I am very happy to have complete successfully my first assignment.""It has been a very good exercise and all sections are correct.Your objective was done the highest  and It's true!! The  I  it had a lot of stability..I  you can improve your  with more colours in the s.Congratulations"Good work, physically  is not very nice but you have reached a good height.Very interesting the concepts of Jenga and conic s, and asking your family to judge your . I suggest you to use physics  (mechanic, dynamic and static concepts) to improve your building experience. Also, try to create a  as high as possible using the fewer s possible, to increase the T factor...just give it a try and you will understand. Good job.You sound like oyu really loved the result of your job. Thats fine. Im not sure if the goal of the exercise is to have the more T rate possible. For that you should use less s and find a way to make the  taller. I saw another  that only use 5 tall boots and a pair of sandals. It was quite tall. But I like yours, its colourfull and compact. Looks safer. Have a great day!Francly speaking, I  it was not a constructive approach. To say it in a different way, the work has been done, but the result is not remarcable (the T value also shows this). The level of creativuty in that case is a heary issue, someone can claim that it is creative, and others, just state that there is a lot of s put together randomly... My piece of advice is to try to pay more attention on the plannin and strategy before doin the work.You have a big imagination making this birthday cake for your brother."The submission was brief and concise with quite a practical approach to the ""challenge"". I missed more details on the ing process and a more graphic description of the .As a feedback provider I learned how hard it is to rate without discouraging and give more positive and not being just critical"Good job, you used a good technique because it looks like mine, but I  you could make it bigger.I  your  would be taller, but I know it is very difficult. Perhaps you have to try again and show us in the discussion forums."Positive: very solid base, well fitted s, variety of colors and shapes. I feel great having achieved this high  with only 4 attempts! is very well planned. Unique: I find it's a very solid  from the base to the tip. Review: I would suggest trying to do the same  with less s and to improve the ratio T. Sounds good to me all the progress that explain the 4 attempts to reach the final , is an indicator of improvement, Congratulations""Great job.I really like you use a colorfull .Apart of that, I  I would be better to  a little bit more about the ""T"" formulaYou work help me to  more in how important is to choose colors and different kind of s.""EvaluationPositive: Using different types of s to get structural stability and improving the target of achieving high by using a boot to coronate the construction at the end.Unique: Your resilience and persistence by keeping trying after the exam deadline. Excellent and hope you achieved or that you got close to your goal of 10.Revision: String was not allowed. Perhaps only 1 boot would have been better way to close the .Education: The best was the use you made of  diversity and their properties (house s, sandals, sport s and at the end the boots) to make the construction.""The idea of creating a supporting  is great because it gives a bigger possibility for the  to stand still. Also the height is pretty impressive! Compliments!The fellow student used a big variety of s - male, female, flat, on the platform - which could make it more difficult to create a  and, nevertheless, the task was completed with a very good result! Maybe a few more tries could bring even more fruitful results but it requires times.While constructing my  I also tried to support it with additional s but it never worked, however, I  this idea is very, very good."Seeing your work has made me  about what I did. I built a much higher  (120cm) but with a much lower T value. That would imply a more efficient use of resources, don't you agree? Do you  you could have gotten a higher T value by using only 3 s? It seems that you could get a similar height by just using three s in the same way you did with the right balance. It would have been interesting to see you using a different method to build the  and see where that could take you."A great in-depth critical report on the creation process that invite you to continue reading.In relation to the submission I found interest the reasoning process around the definition of   and the important of naming the As an amateur artist as she explains, she could have dare to take more advantage of that skill to produce a more unique piece which for sure she would have been able to pull considering the time and effort employedIn this case, since I found the submission so complete and professional it was difficult for me dare to make any criticism ""Excellent job !!! This is a well balanced structure and well balanced in colors too. Finally, the extra  is like a Satellite launch vehicle from NASA. ;-)Maybe you could increase the height and stability introducing every  in the hole of other .""I find interesting the approach of the triangle as a stable structure, and the evolution of the different s to higher heights. The right line of s in picture number three offers a different approach of a very slender  with a high T ratio, that could be worth to explore. I apprecite here a different strategy born from tour experience. Sometimes is useful to try different strategies just to see what they can give you: you can have good surprises.You have worked with stability as a primordial goal. You coud have tried other goals as slenderness, aesthetics, etc, that would have given you a more complete experience. "Its a nice and simple way to make the tallest  with the less s. I wish I would have more tall boots instead sneakers for this exercise but probably I dont know what to do with them the rest of the year. I like your  but I ask myself hoyw is inside of the lower boots. Have a nice learning!. Goodbye. "One can see that this   has got a very solid construction, which certainly lead to a successful accomplishment. Congratulations! The idea of putting heat-to-heel was the key.What I found interesting is that my   looks very similar in the upper part. I used a similar technique while building up the  and put lighter balerinas into a bit heaver sneakers. I like that the colours of the s are mostly the same (white-black-navy blue-red) which makes this  look very neat and nice.I would suggest to try more times. From my experience (9 fails and two s) I learned that practice makes perfect - the more you try, the better results you have. I noticed that the fellow student and myself used the same technique while building up a , however she used less s and her  was higher. It is also a good idea to use head-to-heel method for the whole . "I  it is the most creative work out of 3 I have read. Objectively. I   your proposal has a high value because of the fact that you worked with what you found, with no option of  getting the kind of s that would -perhaps - match 100% with your original idea.On the other hand I   you built a quite high   though may be some s could have been supressed.Anyway, as you mention, its probably a matter of  trying over and over.Using neutral colours and then a red pair at the top, shows that you cared about the aesthetical side of your proposal."when life gives you lemons, make lemonade".As you did, we should always try to get the best with what we have been provided."EvaluationPositive: Interesting abstract effect (this was my first personal impression that must not be agreed with). Unique: Fast process of only 5 to 10 minutes and the visual impact is made. Good use to gain high by using at the final stage of the construction s heels.Revision: Final high divided by the number of s was one of the challenges. The T 2 value achieved (20 s/40 cm = 2) could have been improved attempting other design alternatives.Education: Good approach using in the basis flat s to build a stable structure and later take advantage of the high heels to gain significant high. Also good is the visual effect which does not leave indifferent.""EvaluationPositive: The description of the project surpasses the photographic report. Good Job!!! It is an explosion of enthusiasm.Unique: The design concept and the diversity of possibilities demonstrated. Also after considering different s types options the decision to enhance the result by using only 1 type of s with an excellent story behind. The better the story the more interesting the project will becomeRevision:  Not sure if to use sand was allowed to gain structural stability. On the other hand it did match to achieve an interesting outcome. All fitted perfectly together and T=6,8 balances the use of sand not to forget the wind.Education: The consideration phase of the project and the preparation process stands above conducting the project at the end."Is very intelligent how the base is solved using a pair of boots reversed to give stability, and also the fact to ask for advice. The "simplicity" of the structure makes it easy to understand and gives aesthetics to it even if is not pursued. I consider that some s are not giving enough height to gain in the metric value and also are making the structure weak. I will keep the reversed boots as a good tip for future projects, change 180 the elements is a very interesting approach."Great job.I like the way you use 3 s for the base.Apart of that, I  I would be better to use more colorful s and a better ""T""You work help me to  more in how important is the base and mix gender s.""Positive: The  is the result of a very imaginative mind. Comparing to real examples like the  of pisa and building circles in order to make the structure of a strong  is a great idea!Unique: I  grouping the s by color is very original.Revision: One only attempt! It is said in the course that the more we fail the more we learn... but well done!! Finding the correct pattern at the very first attempt is a great achievement.Education: I really liked the way this student structured the . The structure is homogeneous and effective. Great job!"You have a great imagination and I  you'll really enjoy this course.The perfect student in this course, starting from his brain and without sophisticated common modernity _ my bestYour  looks very high. It is incredible that your  is so stablish using irregular s. Just like me, you have focused on the high of the  but not so much on the esthetic because the colours of the s are very similar. With this feedback I have learnd that we have to listen to others ideas because they can help us with our work.In comparition with other students, I  it is tall enough , although if I try more times I could have a taller one."What a nice ! Colorful and well planned. I like your systematic approach and the fact that you tried different approaches. What is unique is that you put first s on their sides - for sure it made your  stable. Perhaps some ""crazy"" aspect, like putting high hills  at the top can make the  more interesting. In general I like you reflection on this exercice and any possible use of the  (even if not practical:)! "Good job, you've had a good working method, but maybe with the photo could have helped more visually."My opinion about my own proposal has changed from when I submmited it.I   its strenght  is showing a  pure strucutre, and  a good aesthetical side, though it could be improved.The final result is quite narrow.I didnt want to use s which didnt have a structural functionan I wanted all of them to be working 100% in holding the .I really spent more time ing about how to build it , which s to use, and how to put them , rather than raising the .I  i could have tried harder and may be  use more s in order to make it higher the structure could have been reinforced in  some way....""I am glad I tried to construct my  more than a couple of times and that I was motivated and persistent in trying my luck. The result is a medium-high  with a red  on the top which I really like because it looks funny.I don't  my   is unique in any way, in fact, it is similar to s of my fellow students. The only  that distinguishes my  from theirs is the  on the top in a horizontal position.Maybe next time I should  about more techniques and thicker/bigger s.I have learned the old wisdom that practice makes perfect. I am sure that if I kept on trying, I could construct even a higher  in a shorter period of time. ""If I were to describe your proposal with one word, I  would use INGENIOUS.As you were  going upwards, you were solving the problems you found by adding ""structural s"" at each specific point.For instance:I see your black boots as flying buttress (may be Im not using the  right word. I mean this:https://www.google.es/search?q=arbotante&client=firefox-a&hs=BN1&rls=org.mozilla:es-ES:official&channel=sb&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=SK_OU5rOKafH0QXSnIHgBw&ved=0CAgQ_AUoAQ&biw=1440&bih=750#facrc=_&imgdii=_&imgrc=pQbh1kdm1wPVtM%253A%3BuYgEnfpXBF1CHM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fpoesiadelmomento.com%252F2003%252Fcatedralarbotante.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fpoesiadelmomento.com%252F2003%252Fpoemas85b.html%3B350%3B235Your black  high heels, seem to be trying to stabilize the , which  has two parts, the second one, is hold using the flip flops as an horizontal  clip.An then at the top you used  your wedges to get a wider an more steady surface in order to place the top heeled  proabbly to make it as high as possible.But, after aplying  all these concepts in  your , I  you could have used less  s and then get a higher ""T"" (May be you wanted us to see youve got lots!!hahahaha ).If I had to find a  point to be improved, may be It would be finding an aesthetical pattern which  may be your proposal has alreday got, but I cannot find it.....sorry :(...I never though while doing my own , in proposing this two ""floors"".I  its brilliant.Well done! :)"After seeing other students s, ive found out that mine is marvelous!it's suprising how with only 10 s you can reach a 58cm , it's so good however I  you could do a more creative  and even taller using more s. 6,5"Positive:  It is a clever way to build a  .Unique: The simplycity of the structureRevision: I would suggest some originality at the top of the .Education: I hae learned that there are very useful ideas fron a  .Points 9"After looking at other submissions, I find that my own is detailed, well organized and described. I bothered to include images of all of my attempts, although it was not compulsory but it gave others the possibility to judge for themselves what I could only put in words. What I learned from others is that sometimes I put the limits myself to a situation that actually provides a bit more room for improvisation. I should revisit that and dont step on my own creativitys way, there enough limitations out there to add my own! I  that sense of humour is an enormous advantage in the creativity process that boosts the spirit up and helps to come out with the most unusual and sometimes precious outcomes."Positive: very solid base, well fitted s,  I'm happy having achieved this high  with only 4 attempts! Unique: I find it very interesting that the  is s little inclined like Pisa Review: I suggest trying to do the same  with less s and to improve the ratio T. Sounds good to me all the progress that explain the 4 attempts to reach the final , is an indicator that the visualization works OK.""She presents in a very funny and enjoyable way, s look beautiful, she describes them as tango s giving a having fun suggestion and she says she enjoys taking pictures. She also works hard, putting together 40 s is a hard one.I  it is a good idea sharing the picture at the forum, I never thought about that..The only critique I can imagine is not mentioning the T formula, neither what dis she do to achieve height.may be she could also have provided a more detailed description of the process.I have found a different approach as I had. I was obsessed with height and I  I took the exercise as to try to build a skyscraper, I have seen it is not a must.""Hi!I  the balance element of both photos was good and appropriate for the number of s. I  the balance between  types is also good and are matching.It's difficult to build a   and there's no right way to do it. I used a pair of boots, which helped to make the   higher as this was one of the requirements for the exercise.This exercise definitely shows that there is no right answer and I'm sure if we tried again, something different would emerge.Well done!""Positive: I love this !! Really, the attempts of this student were very similar to mine, she followed a successful mental path and had fun with the assignment! Congratulations!Unique: Well I  this  is huge! Its height is amazing! I am impressed!Revision: The only thing I would try to improve is the T formula, but anyway the student did a GREAT JOB!!Education: I really enjoyed reviewing this submission. I  the student had fun and tried to follow different creative procedures to build the . I feel really identified with this submission, I also thought about the ""Jenga"" game to build the  and understood that I had to take into account the size and weight of the s. Failing and trying again is the way we learn! WELL DONE!""I would like to highlight the fact that was an unique experience for you as well as challenging. Attempts and failures are very important in all processes but more in this innovation subject.I found surprising and very enriching that you have given this survey to your friend.I would like to see a picture of the , the  type or at least a drawn. For the next time, if you are not able to attach an image, try to describe it with details."A very sportive approach using the flexibility of the stuff to build a nice tall , one of the best for sureApproaching the problem sensibly is a strong point. Including a picture would have added more value to the answer. Explaining the ratings would have taught you more about your creative skills. Hopefully next time you would give some more color to your answers!"This is a great answer. I would give 8/10 for both the beauty of the  as well as your creativity scale. The idea of using minimum number of s and attaining the maximum height is the key for this exercise. You have portrayed that very well. The idea of a hanging  - that's marvelous!I feel you could be more gentle with yourself when assessing your work. I have to commend your approach on tackling a problem. Wonderful. Keep it going!"My approach to the problem was in the right path and I give credit on figuring out the key factors fast enough. Usage of a lot of s could have been limited. I could have taken more time and more attempts to perfect the existing  design."Are you a math addict, Calculations!! Using the pink boot is a beautiful idea, it both helped in the  height and in its look, and the idea of using the flip flop to reinforce it is awesome. You are stunning, you took all aspects into consideration and started your mission toward your goal using your own math way. I  you have taken the easy safe way in building your , you have the potential (which appears in the way you've built your ) so getting bold a little bit will serve you a much beautiful .A Reflection: We always have to challenge ourselves by taking risks and getting a little bit bold, avoiding all the safe easy ways so we can gain an amazing and joyful life. ""Hooray :), your  is very nice, your T value is pretty high, using a boot was a clever idea, and you have such a determination which I found is awesome. But as you've said, it lacked some colors, may be if you could use some of your own colorful s (if you have) will it rate 10!A reflection: Determination is essential for achieving goals, Being ""critical"" to my own self and work; don't over or underestimate  ""I like the colors, but nothing else when comparing my  to others s. I  the interesting thing is I have been very systematic in building the . The  looks like a bunch of s accumulated together, there is no sense of creativity, may be if I gave this exercise more time & more tries I'll have a better strength & look for my .A reflection: Great things come from really great tries, and there is nothing comes easily one always have to work hard & smart.""Hi :), I couldn't really imagine how the  looks like, but I'll try my best. Eight s is a very little number for a 40 cm , so you have a pretty high T value of 5, splendid!. If you could try a little bit for achieving a taller , that will be awesome. And may be if you describe it a little more in details, then I don't have to bother my imagination :P.A Reflection: It is always a good thing to consult friends, and it is very essential to have good ones. Imagination is very important tool in our lives, it's motivate creativity. ""Wow, I like your ! High heels looks to be good buildning material, with heels and open toes. Youve hooked them togehter in a creative way. I liked that you only used ladies s because it allowes more ""air"" in the contruction. If you wanted to build a higher  you could have used the boots you mentioned. Question, did you use 10 pair of s or just 10 s? If if was 10 pairs your T-value changes.I learnt that I should always read the intructions carefully before I start. But most important insight was that we all have our own interpretation of words, , and that it can look in so may different ways.""Well done, with limited resources, given few s, lack of ""power"" in an different culture.I like  your use of colours and the artistic angel of the task. Spec. the polka dot one.Perhaps a bit more focus on the T value and you had made it even better.I learned to  more of the whole taskAll the best Olov"You have the highest T-value, so far (mine was 4,56) and it matches your goal to get a really good value. Well done! It was interesting to read about your diffrent contruction attempts. It was a lot of learning in that. I  your way of mounting the s together was really clever, using the different shapes for stabillity. Could this type of costruction be made even taller with more lighter s on top? I learnt that The most important insight was that we all have our own interpretation of words, , and that it can look in so may different ways depending where we put our focus, t-value, height, beauty etc.It was fun buildning the . It was a solid contruction, tall and made of many s. My T-value was not as high as the peers I reviewed. Next time I shall try, if it come up, some of the "out of the box" ideas to strech my creativity and ability to realize the idea. I also learnt that we all have our own interpretation of words, , and that it can look in so may different ways."I got a pretty god T value.I succeeded in my strategy of building a tall structure  with small number of s.I did not consider the artistic angel of the projekt, read the mission instruction more carefully.Giving feedback made me reflect over how i went about to solve the taskOlov""I like the pictures! Two attempts in three minutes is fast! well done! Did you have a limited number of s?I  that if you would have allowed yourself to make a few more attempts you would probably have improved your result. The result of your metric is not very high. So for the hight concerned you would probably have changed a few things. but it is nice with the golden and silver s on top! ""Nicely and well done! I also  it looks nice! Cute! You were structural in your approach. Your metric is high I , although the hight was not too high..How many attempts did you make? Do you  you would have come up with more if you'd tried more?Did anything surprise you as you were ""experimenting""? ""Wow! It is awesome!  that is a colossal  , I like your ing big strategy. The ""monster s"" really made it to the top!Perhaps you could have it even higher if you have made three or four s supporting each other? I  you have all the s to have tried it.There is a lot more solutions to a problem than i first thought.All the bestOlov ""Well done! Nice and interesting technique to build height and stabilize the middle part of the . I suggest to reflect once more about the question of how beautiful you  is? Why did you rate it with 9? With what did you measure it?""The creative part is great, this is definitely ing outside the box! This is a unique creation.However, the lack of aesthetics is blunt. Don't forget you're judged by how you look, not everyone has an engineer's mind.""Im impressed by the fact you did clean the s, mine where old and covered with paint, I like that you pay attention to such detail. Maybe the density of the  is too high (sorry for this stupid engineering-talk) you should  more of a Eiffel  with thin structures building a gigantic . You did put this black  juggling on top of this  and rate yourself just as 3 in beeing creative? As we learn in this weeks videos: everybody is creative, there are just different types of creativity ( but they are not evenly appreciated by society).""Well done! Interesting technique with the wide base. You carefully evaluated the s and thought about on which level they are most suitable. How did you rate your beautiful level? By comparison? By intuition?Totally agree with your conclusion, that the task itself did not motivate you particular to be creative with it. I had the same feeling and overall could not (yet) see how it provides value.""Positive: There was a high amount of ing and planning done before the actual  was built, it is logical, strategic, solid.Unique: There is a building plan that can be seen in how the  was constructed, and as a consequence it has two color parts, lower dark and lighter s at the top.Revision: The  could be a little bit more creative, maybe. Or the  laces could have been used to enhance stability and get an even higher .Education: Judging my own  with a little bit if time having passed, I learned that I could go at this a little more creatively. But I also learned that ing before building is a good idea, and that a strategy helps.""Positive: Clearly working well with a big challenge. I thought I didn't have enough s, but this is far more limited than my pool of s here at home. What makes it even more difficult is that the s are quite different, and from my own experience I know that some sorts of s clearly can't be used very well. So I would say that this is a pretty good effort in light of the limitations.Unique: Interesting to see how the different s were incorporated, trying to make use of the different s' properties.Revision: The limitation might actually be a little too extreme. Maybe it would have been fun to bring holiday acquaintances in on the project and ask them for their s to construct a taller . Would have been a nice story to tell too :DEducation: During my  construction, I had also thought about using additional s to stabilize the  towards the sides. Interesting to see how it was done here.""I'm generally really positive about your submission. I loved the aesthetics of your picture and agree with your comments. I  you created a beautiful  by artistically pilling similar types of s.My suggestion would be to try to  outside the box. Is this exercise really about pilling s? It is about creativity, about trying out things that no one has thought about. I encourage you to go to the forums to check which ideas others had.I personally learned from your work that one might be aesthetic while creative. Thanks!""Im pride that I did this task until now, because at the beginning I thought : what a silly task.But now as I see the different submissions from different people, its fascinating to see how diverse the submissions are, everyone had another focus. "Well done, that I tried several techniques and finally went with the one that suited best for me. Overall a nice consistence , that at least looks steady! I suggest to myself, to not be too critical and harsh with myself and just to go ahead and be brave without questioning myself too much. "Positive: Huge , amazing amount of s, respect :DUnique: Looks good too, especially with the tall tip of the . Smart move.Revision: I  that there is a misunderstanding with calculating the hight vs. number - it looks like there are 42 PAIRS of s. Or maybe I misunderstood the whole thing, I don't know. But there are more than 42 single s. But to me, the  clearly is a really cool one anyway.Education: I did  about using the  laces to stabilize the . Should have done it too ;-) Smart move, again.""At first I have to say your   is way taller then mine. For me the challenging part was to stay focused and to be patient, as for you it seems it was the fact  that you had to use not so inspiring things like s for this .  From my engineering background i know triangles build the most stabile structures while saving material, so maybe it would be possible to build a  with the same height with just three s as basement, even if it looks unnatural as we are used to  of s in pairs. Im enocuraged by your nicely written submission to write as well more for the next tasks, even if its  exhausting as english is not my mother-tongue.""I really loved your structure at first sight, this is art! The choice of s, the interaction with the picture are for me the strong point.Sure, this is not the highest pile of s ever, but it definitely has other, much more interesting values. You definitly  outside the box, with a great artistic approach. Have you thought about exposing your creations in an art gallery?Very inspiring, thanks a lot.""the building of  was very good and the  built in a pyramidal way.the colors of s give the  a good appearance.I suggest to hang  beautiful things on the s so the  will be very nice. (let's say lights,....)I learned to look very carefully on the things that other people made an give theme the advices they need.""Hi there,I'm happy that I'm the one who have the chance to see your  and submission.I honestly like your  very much, it's a great use of little number of s to get nice and high .Also, being without measuring tools pushes you to be creative for the second time when you used the papers to measure the height.I would recommend using a base with only one  and maybe you can reach the same height in a method similar to the one you used, that may give you better T factor.I feel that your work deserve about 7 or more for its beauty, good job!Best regards and Creatively yours :)Homam Spartali""it's basedon engineering ideabalanceyou can do morei must do more""the building of  was good especially with these big s.the structure of the  was fine.I suggest to broad the base of the  so you can build a higher one.""The nice thing about my s that their number is low but, I was able to build high  with nice shape.Also, I like the one boot base with another  just for support the . Actually, My T factor was calculated wrongly, it should be 89/11=8I may be able to increase the height of the  by engaging another boots but, unfortunately I don't have!I learned that I can be creative with any simple task I do every day like arranging the s in the closet.""the strengthes is: the high, work hard. Iknow that he work hard but i'm sure you enjoythe unique : the width of the revision : if he put the red oneon middle can give more changeEduction if you try you will arrive""Hi there,I'm happy that I have the chance to be the one who see your submission here.First of all, your  isn't that bad, I liked the base and how you balanced the whole  with only two touches from the s you used for the base.Also, I liked your persist because you was trying to do it even though the many failures. I just have a point that it will be better to try for some extra time and do the  without s being supported by the wall, because they asked us to do "" free-standing"" one. Also, please try to write the whole submission in English for later submission.Anyway, you still have nice  which is one of the possibilities to make such one with women's s which I admit is harder than making one with men's s.You have good T factor by the way and you deserve more than 2 for creativity, I advise you to concentrate more on the next time and I'm sure you'll so great job.In comparison with other s and students, Your grade may be around 60Best Wishes and Creatively yours :)Homam Spartali""i liked the colors the most:)i know the last  is not stable but who said it should be, it's beautiful  with nice colors and high value of Tbut maybe u could place the s of the base different way so u can have stronger basei certainly learned to add more colors to spice up any thing i'm making.""Hello, It's actually a nice job, I liked the structure and the way you balanced it.I liked the way you used the sport  as a base of your  and I find it difficult to put it in balance this way, you did it :)I prefer if you uploaded colorful photo, that would make me judge your  more fairly.Next time I  I will consider the sport  in my structure.Good luck :)""the  built in a good and regular way.the   built as a building with the same dimensions from lower part to the higher part.I suggest to make the  is higher than this one,it will be beautiful.I  it can be more beautiful  with little more work.""the balance in the strengths of the submission unique: the wonder design and choice of the wingsrevision: you are creative I learn that i can do best""I  I tried to accomplish the task in different way and thought of considering the beauty along with the strong structure. I  my try to balance the structure on the high heels was a difficult task still did it to some extent.I  next time I will try to  more out of the box and to consider engineering ing in my work :)It is a nice task, we can build something nice form unexpected material!!  ""I liked the structure and that it seems stable and strong.I found it interesting that you built it with 13 s and the T is 6, i  you s the right kind of s which is big to give u higher value of Tfor a better result, i  you can add the 14th , u can place perpendicularly it in the last one. that would give you 10-15 cmi learned to be more organised ,ORGANISED is the word to describe your work""Hi,I really like you  very much, it is creative work :)I  you thought out of the box and come up with this nice . the way you used each type of it was interesting. I just prefer if you concentrate more on the s' color usage, I thing that would add more beauty to your .Engineering ing is good way to achieve unusual task.. I will remember that ;)Good luck.. ""Nice work! It was apparently from the image that you took into account aesthetics with the alternating of  color!I enjoyed details of your project and your insight of adding strength within the boot with a loafer. I got a little lost in all of your details but given the same materials your results could be reproduced!Nice work.""The  looks stable and the colors are balanced. The idea of putting the white leather s on top was brilliant, as it adds color and light and makes it look beautiful.I could have thought of some ways to make it taller.I learned that even all revisions are important and even small changes can improve the result a huge lot.""Actually, having taken part in evaluating my peers was valuable.Participating in this exercise of feedback made me realise I was too critical (hard on my work) with regards to rating. I now do believe having seen others photos in the evaluation and forums that my structure is indeed beautiful and I would revise this to an easy 8. This is all I have to add. A great fun exercise. Looking forward to week 2. ""I  you did a relevant number of attempts and smart revisions. The result was great. Your  looks tall, colorful and stable. I agree that the beauty is a 10.The idea of putting the high heels on top was brilliant. It made it look taller and more beautiful.A suggestion I have is to be more regular in the pattern, with all pairs point to the same direction or all to opposite directions.From you I learned that with some small changes, like the high heels on top, we can improve things a lot.""Dear Student,I liked your concept of using different sized s. 19 attempts that's stamina. Well done. Good on your for inviting your family members to rate your . It takes courage to share your work from peer review.From your description and rating I believe you are happy with your structure.I enjoyed hearing about your project, however I would have loved to have seen a photo or drawing.Enjoy week 2 and best of luck :-)""Wow! You all have an amazing amount of s! I like how you used the monster s then the baby s. I would have liked to hear a little more about your process. Did you consider the size of the  as you piled them on or have any other theories when you began of the best method for creating the ?I really like the enthusiasm you seemed to use for this .""You did a very good job. Your attempts were thoughtful and your revisions smart.I particularly like the stability of the . If it were a building, it would be like a modern skyscraper. I am curious about how your second attempt, the pyramid, looked like.It is difficult to find a suggestion, but maybe you could put more attention to the order of the colors. In the  there are some black leather s and then some light-colored ones and then again dark ones. You could put all the dark first and then all the light ones on top.From you I learned to  about different styles and the importance of making changes with a clear idea of what we want obtain.""Dear Student,Good on your for persisting, 7 attempts is a good effort. It's amazing how the environment 'tilted floor' has an impact. Something you don't factor in the beginning. Failing seems to bring this to light eventually :-) Well done on the T value great work 22 pairs. I thought the beauty question was a difficult one, great idea bringing in your friends.I would have liked to have heard your description surrounding 'symbolism' of your structure. Thank you I enjoyed evaluating your structure, and hope you find my comments valuable. Boxing ahead into week 2 - good luck and have fun.""I like the simplicity of the  and commend your T score.I find your use of the flowers interesting but I  the goal was to arrange the s aesthetically versus adding in outside elements.I like your observations about being forced to rebuild creating a stronger design and found your comment interesting about being able to relax and push yourself further after you initial success.""Wow !! so beautiful ! this is what I sad first when I sow your work cause I sow other works and no thong to compere !!! ""Hello,Good job my friend, I liked how you insisted to make the  even if you have only 3 pairs of .What I've found interesting is the way you put the blue  so that you can make your  higher.However, I  if you have tried more you would have got better result and you would have found how to use the brown one differently in a more beneficial way to make your  higher.Finally it would be nicer and more helpful if you had uploaded the image vertically   .  good luck for the rest of the course ""Hello,I appreciate the effort that you did in this exercise, but I  that 3 attempts is not enough and maybe if you have tried more you would got better results. Add to that , unfortunately I can't evaluate your work cause as you sad this is a falling   and in this case I can't judge.Gook luck for the coming exercises "The idea process of creating the   is well structured. I liked the steps and how the base level of s are attached top of on each other. Also the rate point is higher because of using less number of s and a high altitude which is an important criteria point. I don't know if it looks better, if the last layer didn't composed of a ballerina  which was positioned vertically. It looks it just stays like that when you took the photo of it. I mean it maybe could achieve the altitude in a more patterened way. I , over all it is a very nice work, but you could maximize the aesthetic part to make it better.I may say that it is already built by the retail company's employees in a shelf order system. Basically, there is no work done by the participant. However, the situation he/she faces seems difficult (could have done with the ones he/she had got at least) so t is a nice idea to present that thing as a show . So, for the motivation i liked it!I like the   since it is quite tall and successfully built  with too many s. Interesting aspect is that it looks like it is going to fall :) What can be done is to remove the small s that does not add any value to your , thus you canhave higher value for metric. I like the fact that my  looks very nice in the way that it was structured. What was done well is to use the 4 pairs of s efficiently than others thus I obtained a value metric. It is interesting that it has a roof on the top, which is different than other submissions. What could have been done is to find more s, which would be a good thing to build a taller   with more s. I , I had a nice structure which provides visuality and aesthetic. But, I could have a find better pattern in order to minimize the number of s by choosing the right material of s. "Great job on your  ! I really appreciated the colors: youve got blue at the bottom, in the middle and on top; also I liked your idea to use a V shape base  its quite different.  Could be a real designed !I find the way you put the s opposite to each other very interesting. This thought didnt occur to me while working on my  and I havent seen anyone else do it. I can imagine this way is actually more stable.I see you have a pair of winter boots? They must be pretty heavy. From my own experience I can tell that kind of s are good at the bottom, when theyre on top they weigh too much to keep the  standing, so it falls. I wonder if youd tried using that pair in any other position? You may have managed to build a taller  . Another thing is the amount of times you tried. I  if you had spent more time on it you couldve found some new ways to put the s together. In my opinion even if youre happy with the result, it wouldnt hurt to try more :) You never know what kind of ideas may visit you during the process. Gotta give them a chance to develop.I am happy I got to work with your  , its unique. You showed me a new way to use s in a  that Id definitely try next time!"I am absolutely impressed with the height of the . It was built successfully. Interesting thing is that low value metric since too many s were used. It could have been better if you have taken a better picture. What you can do is to structure your  in a different way and avoid small s to increase the value metric. It is good that they are balanced and have good height.It seems quite unique, I like it. I just sensed that you tried to give more important to increase your T value rather than te visual aspect. I suggest you to put more s or decorate it more. Anyway, it is quite nice and well and I like to say that it is a creative work. Congratulation!"Fantastic job on the ! Its very well thought-out, you must have worked hard on it. You took time to make a plan and to draw a sketch, and despite the failure of the original idea you kept trying and in the end you have beautiful and well balanced  ! Also, I find your reflections on your own work quite impressive. Being able to analyze the things we do is a priceless ability, I  you did amazing!I found interesting your idea about the Petronas s with one  in between, I bet not many people couldve dared to even try. You didnt limit yourself and gave it a shot. And I wonder if you had any flip flops around? They are so light and I can imagine using one as a link between the s. You did a great job and I believe if youd tried a few more times, you might have come up with new  ideas (in case you wanted to see what else you could do with s, how tall a  you can make) or any other thoughts on how to make your original idea work.I am really glad I got to review this work, I learned much from you. Really impressed with the way you plan and prepare, I  its one of the keys to success  something for me to consider in future. "Hello. First of all congratulations I found it interesting but since the lack of time you made a simple but creatibe one. I belive you could have done it better. You should put more s, even you could give the same meaning with more s. Congrat!"I am really impressed with the enthusiasm and energy I had for this task. I really put effort into it. I now remember how bored I got after several failures in a row but I didn't give up and it makes me a little proud :) I also  I did a good job on self analysis.Having reviews my peers' works, I see that no one used a one  base. They may have tried, but I made it work!For improvement next time I would definitely make a plan of my work and prepare before I start. Maybe brainstorm or make some research on what's been done before, use that as a start and develop it further.This activity was really helpful, it taught me to see creativity in the things that I thought ordinary before. It pushed me to go deeper in my reflections."It is very well designed and unique performance. I can say that it could be better but with this way it is still creative performance. Especially after seeing the other performances it is above the average level. well done !I like the simplicity of your  . Your  has a good base and I would have liked to see it taller. Even thought simplicity is beauty, it also provokes expectations, this is what I learned from your .It was a hard work to make it stand on a solid and stable base, on pointed s. I enjoy the fact that it was made with different sizes, mens, women and children s. I could have work a more colorful . I learn that to achieve stability it requires analysis, calculation and many attemptsThe base of your   is very stable and it gives a strong feeling of stability. The dotted flip flop is colorful and very well placed, it calls the attention of the eye. I  some of the s in the middle could have been placed facing out. I learned from evaluating your   that you can always find more than what you see.It's amazing how this construction is not falling apart. Your own measure is too rigid, I'm estimating it at 6"First of all my congratulations, well done! I really liked your very structured approach and detailed explanation of your experiment conduction. Also I would like to thank you for sharing with us your key learning and personal reflections. This gives us to understand you better and to invest more in self development. From my side I would like to suggest you to be more confident about your level of creativity and  more about self-assessment. In my opinion your scores for beauty and creativity are too low. It was your vision and you need to invest more in how to present such construction as a most beautiful  in the world. Please  about being more persuasive and confident. Once again thank your and I wish your good luck! ""The most positive thing I find about my  right now is that so far it's the highest among those I've seen, and the most ""compact"" one in terms of space it takes on the floor. It also looks like a  and is rather simple to build comparing to those ideas I've seen while making peer assessments. Some students tried to use the square base for their own works, but they didn't keep it till almost the end, so I  it's a kind of unique idea from this point of view. The usage of generic material also wasn't considered in those works I saw.However, although my  is rather tall, comparing to the others'  it's T value isn't that much - 2. As I mentioned in my submission, my approach was rather traditional, because it was based on already existing idea and that idea was ""tested"". Maybe, if I had done more research and more ing, I would have been able to create more unique  of the same height or even taller, or improve it aesthetically. There might be also more possibilities to experiment with the colours and the order of pairs forming ""floors"" of the . I also didn't consider using more various kinds of s, but the submissions of other students convinced me that it would have been worse a try to use boots and high heels.Overall, I learned that focusing on the main task (building the highest ) is a good idea, but one should  in much broader sense. Although the task wasn't to create the most creative  or the most beautiful , I suppose putting more thoughts in it would help to improve my construction. "Engineering approach, creativity and design - the distinctive features of my . Score remains the same - 8Very predictable approach. Simplicity - key to success. I give you 6"Overall, I find the  really creative and beautiful. I  the creator is really modest, since I would evaluate it's beauty as 9. It's symmetrical, it has s of different colours, but those colours are combined well. Also, there is something really nice about light sandals being combined with solid black s, to the point that it might inspire even some architectural projects.Putting sandals on the top like this is a really distinct way to do it and reach a good T value.Since the may point of this task was still to create the highest possible , I  there might be some other ways to reach it. Probably, they would require more s, and I am not sure the creator could use them, but I still  that they could reach a more higher point, given the great construction they made already. Maybe, it would be possible to make a more solid base from other kinds of s and use the very same  at the top, since the construction of sandals is light enough.Overall, the pyramidal structure was a new idea to me, since in my search I considered square as the main starting point. The idea of combining high heels and sandals is also really nice. Good job :) ""Fist of all thank you for giving us such an interesting and creative exercise. It make my brain to wake up and start to  in another direction. Coming back to my  I can admit that I really like the concept and the final construction. After providing feedback to my classmates I will draw my attention on such areas as unique approach, be more brave in implementation, time management. Thank you."I like your  very much, you used a very interesting technique to build itCompared to the other students i got to evaluate, my  looks nice)"My congratulations! I really impressed! Your  is very beautiful and fancy. Also I would like to admit that your used very unique approach and your were very result oriented because to build such  from high heeled s is extremely difficult. Due to your construction I learned how to be more creative (I had in mind the same concept but decided to implement another). In my opinion you should invest more time in explaning your point of view about Beaty and creativity.Best regards"The good thing is that your  is very stable)) it is very unlikely to fall apart. But the "not so good" thing is that it looks kind of messy"Overall, I find the construction really interesting, since the student managed to combine so many variously shaped s and it still didn't fall apart.The student used a square base which I consider good, since it gave stability at the beginning of construction and thus the possibility to build a rather high . Also, the usage of a heavy boot to prevent the  from falling is a smart move. The usage of a boot on the top of the construction is also a good idea, since a boot gives more height than other s, and it proves that the construction was stable enough to bear such heavy  on its top.I consider the overall usage of s effective, since the T-value is rather high.Maybe, to improve the structure even more it would be nice to consider weight of s as well, no only their form. Also, harder s like sport s could be put below softer kinds, since that might provide more support for the top of the .The idea with the boot really struck me, since I didn't consider making such ending for my own , but it looks that with a proper base it's possible in the end. The idea to support the construction from the sides is also a new one for me, and I find it really helpful. Good job! :) ""Fantastic! Very well executed project!Your  looks so neat and it kind of looks like it is a walking , very unique!Next time around you could try building a stair like structure. The way you planned your work, I'm sure in all such projects you would excel, keep up the systematic effort, and sometimes try wild ideas too! The learning point from your submission is : try using different sizes, mix and match and build sound foundations...You could easily give yourself a 10, but you have kept a room for improvement for future! Well done and wish you all the best in future creative adventures!""P- the submission's strength is the ""whole experience"" of the project coming together as a learning experience. View from the top is the best feature.U- Each  is unique....like no other. While attention was paid to design, structure, T value etc, the last picture shows the balancing act which reminded me of  of Pisa in Italy...R- if I had more variety of s, colours and form it would have made even better creation. More importantly, wish I had someone or a whole bunch of people to share the ideas, joy of making, and having lots of fun together working as a team!E- this experience has not only made me  a whole lot of things and experiences, the main learning from this submission is generation of lot more ideas which I propose to implement when I am back home in four weeks. Overall, I feel very inspired! I would love to give myself 10 for this whole exercise.""Hi there.I loved you . Visually its very interesting, I feel some egyptian influence there, like a pyramid.Using the wall as a support was interesting. There was nothing said about walls on the instructions!But what if next time you tried to make i bit taller. You had the wall to help you. Maybe building a stronger structure with a solid base would made it possible.From your work I learned that it is important to focus on the various aspects of it like height, looks and strenght.""MeiYou have done wonderful job with great amount of effort and thought! Well done!It was dizzying reading your  story, and I like your dizzying s views from top. I love the views from top.Next time try the   without tying the  laces...you can certainly do it and what about trying with only flip flops? It would have been nice to have your cats in view too. Well, with your great enthusiasm you need no suggestions, just go with your instinct. What I learned from you is tenacity, full blown enthusiasm and commitment for anything you do! And so you should give your  and your creativity a neat 10 without hesitation! Thank you for sharing your experience, and all the best for all your future creative adventures!"I'm quite impressed with the height if your !  I find it interesting that you were able to approximate the shape of an actual .  I wonder what you sort of  you might have created if you had tried another approach as well.  I learned from you that we each began task in unique ways: you concentrated on perfecting one approach in the face of several failures while I tried out a number of stacking methods even though previous types had not failed. I also enjoyed the candid description of your thought processes.  Thanks for sharing."I realized that the more time you put on the effort, the better the results will be. Failing means learning.""I love your ! Although the photo is bit dark, I can see the beauty in the dark. Very good effort!I  English is not your first language, yet you have expressed your feelings so well in your work, and the description of the process. I like the fact that you value your friends' opinion and you are ok with the outcome of your effort. If I have to suggest, I would recommend having more light on your , like a beam shining over it, to make it look even more beautiful.You have given yourself 5 points, I admire your modesty, and also your ""consciousness to being innovative to find a solution to problem"" is the key learning point for me.Thank you for sharing your experience and providing me an opportunity to learn from it!Wish you all the Best in all your future creative adventures.""P- great ! I like the use of different coloured s, and your thoughtful approach.U- the way you have let the  laces fall on the structure adds a casual, artistic viewR- you have given a very logical approach...but it is ok to be illogical, T value is not important, although it sort of calculates material efficiency. Actually, I just enjoyed watching your  and the amount of your time and commitment to it, which has given you a sense of achievement and being on top with a 10 you assigned to your creativity. That shows your confidence in your creation! Keep it up!E - your attention to structure, T value, colour, time spent....all are pointers to doing the job with dedication and definite goal in mind...these are my great learning points from your presentation.Thank you for sharing your experience and joy of making the ! Wish you best in all your creative adventures!""Hello,Your  is visually intersting. Very good. Looks like a sculpture, with very distinctive colors.I guess, because of the lack of time you've tried the best possibility in your mind and then went for it straight away. sometimes in life we have this dilemma. Do it quick and solve the problem now.My suggestion next time is to start with no plan for at least 2 times. You will see that the small learned experience will help the original plan.I'll do that myself because I had a similar experience than yours."I'm impressed with the height of your  and the diversity of your building materials.  It didn't occur to me to include anything but flats.  I  you should appreciate the valuable role reasoning plays in approaching creative challenges: I  it contributed greatly to  the success of your final structure.  You also gave yourself low points for the beauty of your construction.  You might try this again with the aesthetic qualities of your structure more in mind as you build it.  What would have made your  more lovely to you?  What I learned from this exercise is the value of sharing ideas toward the solution of a problem.  It never occurred to me to widen the base of my  while I was very involved in the beauty aspect of it.  I wonder what we could have created if we had worked together.  Thanks for sharing!"Wow! That's a great single  base ! I love the structure, it's sleek and beautiful.You have achieved remarkably quick outcome of planned effort.If you added different kinds of s, you would have come up with even more exciting ideas and structure. Aside from the building process, what memories did it bring to you? Your experiences of visiting s, tall buildings, the places where those s take you? Just trying to ignite your ideas.What I learnt from your submission is focus, quick turnaround time, no fuss, clean design, high efficiency. You certainly have great potential to reach 10!Thank you for sharing your experience, and all the best for your future creative adventures!"I thought it was great that you tried different approaches and documented both with photos. Your second  using the pillar approach with free space in between is quite unique, I would say. And you are probably right to say that with one more attempt and a stronger base you might have achieved more height. Your approach was very innovative, and will try that one with my next  .First, I have to say that I love this.  The smiles on the faces of your children tells the story right there.   I love that they were involved and most of all I really enjoyed the personality of the  .    I do find this unique, in the way that it was placed, I like the fan design of the bottom and then building up.  I wish I had been as creative!   I feel this is a very creative piece and therefore, I have nothing critical to say about it, I  you and the children put an amazing amount of effort into this.   What I learned is the personality around this project, I never actually thought of that, not even doing my own piece.  I was particularly taken with the zebra s, the eye is drawn to them and I liked how they were placed.   I am so glad I got to review this work because it did teach me to  about my creativity and who I am putting into it.   Wonderfully done!  I find this  quite smart because you chose to use the highest s you had to make the  as high as possible. I like esthetically because the s you chose have nice colours and patterns, said this I  you could have worked a bit harder in the  to get something better and  probably higher. I know you did the  in a very short time therefore the main thing was to solve the problem presented to you which you highly did but because that shortage of time, I  your creativity was used not to its maximum potential."Firstly, that is an impressive ! Your technique in building the  shows use of the 'fast failure' technique, modelling and applying a different solution to overcome limitations set out by not having a secure foundation. You are also critically self-aware, and apply this to good effect in your appraisal of creativity. I would have rated you slightly higher, as you are aware of what could have been improved on (grouping by colour or style is definitely an improvement if you were to do this task again) and the critical (without being over-analytical) element really shows you are committed to growing.All in all, a good assignment. Hope this helps!""Good process, good description, I  you're getting a lot out of the course material.The low T score reflects the extremely stable stacking technique you've employed.Picture appears sideways on the web-page: did it look like that when you previewed it ?Your assessment techniques and self-marking are excellently reasoned and objective.Reading your submission & following your reasoning made me go back and revise the course material,  more about what we're being taught."The  is simple and meets the brief and there is a contrast of styles. As you only used 8 s you could have perhaps tried out some alternative builds. Did you just do this as fast as you could or did you  of different things you could do?"Its good see just using 3 pairs (one pair from each of the family members - my wife's, my kid's and mine) and construct a beautiful .Also other possible ideas are explored..Some of the other ideas could be implemented by going to a  store and constructing using large wellignton s. "I find it interesting that you chose four different types of footwear with which to build your .  You did not submit a photo and I find it quite difficult to visualise what your  looked like, perhaps you could have described the footwear in more detail e.g. colour, and which s were perched on top. You also do not say how many attempts you made, did you just build your  straight off? Have you seen this done before?  You did well to achieve a T score of 12.5 with just 8 pieces  well done."Hi,I liked the way you made use of the 'rapid failure' technique to sequence 20 tries before coming up with the quadrante design. It is a structure similar to my own, so I understand how structurally sound the  is. You also achieved a nice height (mine was not as tall!).It is a shame your camera was not working, as I would have liked to have seen which colours you used, and if this choice affected your design outcome. I would say that to refer to yourself as 'not creative' is slightly hard on yourself. You came up with a way to ensure the  was tall, using smaller s towards the top, so this shows a creative aspect to me.I hope this helps!"Self-assessment is never easy! Although I could have spent more time on the exercise, during the time I did spend, I really was tenacious and determined to find the tallest . I  my  lacks beauty in terms of colour however I  I deserve extra marks for the creative title of 'Eiffel Over' .:) Fast failure was foremost in my mind when building as the  kept falling down. I  I did a good job considering other commitments I had too. Assessing others and sharing information in the forum has shown me about expanding my creativity even further next time."Hi there, Unfortunately you didn't submit a photo of your work so I was unable to see your  masterpiece. Also, to give feedback on your evaluation it would be great next time to have some more detail on your answers.I hope you enjoy the course!"Your  is quite elegant and looks structurally as if it would be hard to knock down. You clearly put some time into it but I  like me you might have taken a practical approach to meeting the brief rather than a more inventive one like you said.First of all, I thought you did a great job creating a strong foundation, already starting to build height. I feel that was a quite unique approach with s standing upright. In terms of makeing it more beatiful, you could look into adding some more color nearer the top of the structure. If I ever need to build a  again, I will certainly follow your approach with upright pairs as the base to gain more height.Well done. Great job. I am satisfied with your job. You have followed all the instructions and step. "I use just 10 s because I did not have more here and I optimize my resources.According to the activities that other students did and I have evaluated, I realize that no one had the idea to put the s in vertical to try to get a higher .Always you can try more times and harder so this is the critic to myself.I like the use of this activity to make myself understood and reflect about the importance of trying and failure to get and to achieve something!!""Hi there,Firstly, your English is fine. I understand what you have written.Wow! what a great ! I love the variety of footwear that you have used and thing the ""square hole"" created by the boots and sneakers is quite unique. I've not seen that in other designs.Its clear that you have experimented with the design of the  as the balance required might be difficult, however...is that actually a  at the top? It looks a little like a golf head cover?!?!Finally, well done on a very creative and elegant ! I  you've shown excellent ingenuity in your design with its height and metric value!"I really like how you've made a compact base with your trainers and got height with your boots. You've done a great job :D"I  the  I created was indeed beautiful and that I achieved a good T value! I also  I followed all instructions and gave as much explanation as I could within my submission. I  it was interesting that my initial vision was as detailed as it was - I've not seen anyone else get as granular as to talk about the colour scheme of their .I  had I spent more time on creating my  I could have achieved a better T value and a  with more beauty and height. In one submission I reviewed the author had spent four hours, whereas I spent closer to one. I can see how more time would have paid off now. I've learned to dedicate more time to tasks which ought to help me bring my creative vision to life!!""Fantastic! This has Action-man written all over it. I love the precision engineering behind the scenes and your patriotic flag in the background is indeed a perfect background detail, adding a lot of character.What I found unique, aesthetically, were the types of s. Building a robust structure, with strong s - gives a grand physical strength to the , which I really like. I also like your description and how you planned this - sticking with what you knew was right. I  a lot of your personality shone through in this exercise.I'm finding it hard to come up with a revision suggestion, but I did get the impression you did a lot of planning before coming up with the right solution. (Forgive me if this is incorrect). If this is correct, then perhaps, a little less planning and more failing (as fast as possible) may be something worth trying out.What I have learned is that it is very easy to criticise in general, but if you have done the work yourself, you can really empathise with the output and finding fault with something while being constructive at the same time is a lot harder. So, as a feedback provider, constructive feedback when positive is easier than constructive feedback when one is invested in the output.""Positive: great ing and problem solving. Good you haven't simply thrown s onto a pileUnique: Use of triangles to give stability to the Revision: I would have liked to see another layer. How could you have used the triangles to go higher?Education: I liked that he spent a bit more time ing of a solution. Also going for stability was a nice touch too."Your  is indeed strong and I can see how you reached such a high! Well done!! I like how you planed the  to be strong enough to hold all those s and then get a big high. Aesthetically I must admit might not be the most beautiful one but the main point of this exercise was to build a   and as high as possible and you have so far reached that goal. I'm also surprise of the amount of s you used for the  because it isn't easy to combine such a amount of s. In general I'll say very well done. I've learnt from your  that sometimes more is better.I felt I put the effort in to be creative and have fun, I was open to trying again and enjoying the process."I like the symmetry of this . It looks aesthetically pleasing and is quite high.I particularly like the use of sandals to give the top of the  a spire - lightweight and long, sandals are the perfect choice - so kudos for that!I quite like how you link this exercise to Structure Physics, certainly on unique aspect!One minor thing (and it is minor) is that you mention you tried several times, but then in your evaluation stated that you finished the main body once and then made minor changes.Overall I  this is a good piece - though I  you are more creative than you give yourself credit for! A higher score for yourself next time please ;)""I liked that you had thought about the characteristics you believed to be important for your  (symmetry, a solid base). You went into even more interesting details with these characteristics (e.g. vertical and horizontal symmetry), which showed you'd really considered the concepts from the brief and had spent time unpacking the concepts in more detail.I really liked that some of your most successful results in building a tall  came when you felt you didn't over it (your last attempts). You probably were drawing on the knowledge you'd learnt from the previous   attempts, but it's interesting that you were then more flexible in your approach and tried more new ideas at this stage.You mentioned that an external factor that may have inhibited your creativity was the materials you had available. Perhaps an interesting different way to look at the situation was that you too an object that you wouldn't have considered to be creatively-rich or useful, and viewed it in a new light (even if the colours/look wasn't as exciting as you'd hoped!)The thing that has stuck with me from your assignment is when you said that having fun is a necessary driver for creativity- what a great way of phrasing it! I really agree. I also  both feed off each other- having fun leads to more creativity, and being creative will inevitable lead to having more fun.""We were asked to do a fun exercise, and you certainly sound as if you got pleasure and  fun out of it.  I like the suggestion of another world playing a part in this 'weird' exercise, which is an idea you hold onto throughout all your responses. If  you were being very objective, do you  you actually created a  - which could be defined as a structure taller than its diameter?  To satisfy the  descriptor I would have liked to see a higher structure of s.Overall I see a fun exercise completed, with thought and imagination, and great pride in that achievement.  I  that more than satisfies the remit of the exercise.  Carry on creating!""Positive: efficient use of flat s stacked on top of each otherUnique: I found the use of the top  very interesting.   topped off with a bright green . Nice use of colour.Revision: Possibly to try using a few more approaches? There are a lot of s there with  laces? Can the s be stacked differently to get more height - ie stand the s on their toes?Education: in the time 6 minutes the  builder spent building a very nice use of colour brought the whole thing together""I  this student has assessed themself in a very honest manner that shows evidence of good self awareness and strong evaluative skills.  It is good to see that they have considered the overall learning experience as a whole.It was clever of them to use Wellington boots, thereby getting the greater height required without having to use many s.  This was something that had not even crossed my mind so I thought it was a particularly apt example of creativity""This was a really nice story about your  project, and I enjoyed imagining you and the kids having so much fun with it. Too bad you weren't able to attach a picture: I'd love to have seen the finished . I can only speculate about what the younger kids made of your efforts.I wonder if you really would have enjoyed the project as much if you did it by yourself. As it was I'm sure it'll be an event that you and the kids will remember and laugh about for a long time to come. In my mind that makes it creative, so I  grading yourself a 4 is much too low.From this I leaned that my solitary effort to build a   might have been effective from an engineering view, but would have been a lot more fun if I had involved other people.""Positive: The author has clearly given a lot of thought as to the construction of the  with regard to the Materials used. The author has also achieved a fairly impressive  height, showing reasonable levels of engagement with the task at hand, including considerations for the ""beauty"" of the .Unique: The authors definition of pile made the reader smile, the author shows the ability to provide an entertaining anecdote (a skill which should never be overlooked).Revision: The author tends to use a First Person narrative which, can make following the reflection rather difficult. The Reader suggests opting for a third person perspective such as replacing ""I"" with ""The Author"". This makes the subject of discussion easier to follow. Also Authors T score is Inaccurate, 13 Pairs of s equals 26 s. 44.5/26 = 1.711Education: From the Feedback process the reader has learnt of the usefulness of anecdotal writing.Overall Score: 7/10 - Very Good Effort.""Sorry but I see no photo of the  or description thereof in the task. I can not judge your work without seeing it. It is a pity, for your explanation, I see you work with interest in achieving a good  and would be nice to see her.On the other hand, I  for your answers that in some cases you do not understand the question or did not you read that right. For example, you do not provide an assessment of how beautiful it is your , you've only done the numerical average. Moreover, the value of T, I understand that is divided between units not pairs of s.I like your final conclusion, more work is needed to improve methods to do ... just testing you can learn and improve.Education: In this case, I'm not being able to make a proper analysis as there is not a photo or description of the  nor some answers. Anyway, see the work of other people and how they have developed their creativity helps me analyze my own work and may even give me ideas. Also, I love to help people and motivate them so I feel comfortable in this aspect."I love this submission. From the first image, I knew the participant was a highly visual and creative individual. Because of the ballerina s and the 'way' in which the design was laid out - I felt I was watching a magical ballet performance from start to finish. The only advice I would give is to be more daring as the vision is clearly there! The lesson I have taken from this is what the participant said and that is "Creativity has much to do with failure and effort". Great and inspiring words. I  you did very well.  I had the same problem, I could not figure out how to start the base or what to do!  But I like what you did here, it's stable and quite high.  I  it is interesting from the hiking s on the bottom to putting them on top and how it still worked.  I've nothing critical to say it doesn't need improving because I like it.  I like the fact that you used different s in different ways too and the result was different yet still stable, so you were definitely on to something!  "I love it, your submission made me smile as it was different and stood out from the others. It is interesting that you had made several attempts before deciding on this design for your submission. I wondered if you had considered whether it would be accepted as it was only one . Is the  yours? Did you consider using any other type of  for your solo  ? Thank you for your submission, you have taught me to  about the most simple forms of creations and how sometimes simple is best. "Great design- the "inverse   tornado". (My own version fell down.)Your process seems rather like mine, with similar results, though I did use boots! You are right that the colours give a nice highlight and believe me your   is much newer looking than mine was. I  that you could have used boots - I went for the semantic approach that in creativity anything goes (?). I wonder what height you would have reached, though I found boots only worked by laying them in their sides so no great height gainer. Your reflection/evaluation is very thorough too as well as being clear and easy to follow. You seem like an organised person who will put a lot of effort into creative ideas. Your photo is also a strong point making the  look powerful and tall.I really like how you weren't afraid to incorporate inspiration from others, but at the same time added some personal details (shame about those high heel devil wings missing from this final one though!). Also it's great that you tried several times and didn't give up!You have produced a  . Well done! You're right the Minnie Mouse  does add to its visual quality.  How could you have made it better? Did you try alternative types of ? Different 'construction' methods? My greatest criticism is that this is not a particularly unique .  You appear to have undertaken the task adequately - and you appear to be aware that you could have done something better but chose not to.  Boxes ticked, on to the next task.  Let's hope that you put a bit more passion into that task.I am happy with your job. You followed all the instructions and tasks needed to be done. Well done."I  your  is brilliantly simple - elegant, if you will. What I thought was unique, compared to mine, is that you used just one  as a base and built phenomenal height from it - showing structure, ing and simplicity.I also  you under-estimated the beauty and creativity factor - the fact that you didn't just build a messy structure at the base and used only one  to support 72cm I  is very creative and because it LOOKS easy to make, makes it beautiful to me.For the purpose of revision: I would have liked to have read more about how you came up with such a creative thought - perhaps next time you could add a bit more detail?What I have learned is that I wanted to get to know the creator of the  a little better, how did they make something which is not the easiest task, look so elegant and straightforward. As a feedback provider, and fellow  creator, it is a lot easier to provide feedback when you, yourself, are doing the same task."I liked the style of your  and that it was very colorful. Different pics helped to appreciate your  better. If you had  had more s, maybe you could have had a stronger base and you could have built a higher . I learnt from your  a different style of  that didn't come to my mind, reminds me the  Eiffel architecture. "Your  looks very sturdy and well built, it does not appear as though it would fall over.  Your basic structure is solid, finishing with the sandals pointing upwards to gain extra height is inspired.  In terms of beauty, I agree that fitness for purpose is an important factor and this has been achieved.  You appear to have focussed on form first, which is very important in this exercise.  The only additional thing to improve the aesthetics of such a  would be to use different coloured s, this is of course a restriction based on  availability.  I agree with your beauty score.I have learned that there are many more ways to develop a  of s than I had originally thought, based on your earlier attempts, I like the finished product very much."That's a very impressive ! Your selection of s makes it very interesting.It sounds as if you really enjoyed the exercise and I like your use of the word 'playful' which is how I  many students experienced this exercise. Although you felt you should have spent longer on the exercise, sometimes in our busy lives all we can find is 30 minutes. So I  that you achieved a lot in that 30 minute time frame by building a  of 60cm. Regarding your T score, it may be 5 rather than 10. 6 pairs of s means 12 s used. So 60 divided by 12 would be 5. I enjoyed reading your assessment as you obviously enjoyed the exercise.My thoughts are as they were originally, that is, I had a good creative idea but I failed to execute it practically. I did meet the brief and the structure is sound. If doing this again I would concentrate less on structure and more on concepts."What a splendid  ! And very creative in the way you arranged the s in pairs (sort of). I'm sure you all had great fun with the project.I'm intrigued that you could assemble 112 s. Perhaps you have a big family, or could it be you just like buying s. I only managed to find 20 s for my pile, so I got a higher T-score, but yours looks a lot more entertaining.I  you should rate yourself higher than 5 for creativity, if only for getting your family to contribute their s, and I'm sure they had fun with you as you worked on the s.My guess is that you'll achieve high scores for creativity as yo progress in the course.""After seeing some works of other people I feel a little proud of my . On one hand, I  that somehow I have managed to achieve a balance between height and aesthetic look. Also, I see that my lack of technical knowledge of the structure has limited my ability to find ways to make it taller, although I have seen through observation and adaptation you can get to do many things.I  the  is even pretty, prettier than I thought before. Now I see more clearly the idea of a tree-like structure, I see the idea on the picture at the end to make it not look so clear the poetic image. This leads me to conclude that we must give a margin to creations to settle.Analyze my own work is the best exercise I can do, is usually the most difficult for me, and in this case I feel good because it has been positive, I see the parts that can help me and things have already developed that can take advantage of."I'm not very good at being positive about myself but in reflection, if I was evaluating this piece and did not know who did it, I would like it very much.  I  it is interesting in the way that it leans, yet, I know what I was trying to accomplish and perhaps failed, yet, if I did not know what I went through or was feeling, I would  this aspect of the  was interesting.   I perhaps would have thought more on stabilizing as I built up, I  I could have maybe added another  or two.   I learned to trust my instinct a bit more, when I finally made the decision that I wanted a nice look, I wanted to look at this as a work of art and not just a  of s, I  the ideas then began to flow.   As I said, what was in my head perhaps wasn't the end result but what I learned was valuable.  "Very good job. Also, the explanation is great, very detailed and explained to people who do not have technical knowledge of architecture. I  the important creativity is precisely what you've done, make your resources, knowledge, to apply them to problems or obstacles have to be solved. Besides, you've achieved the goal of maintaining a standing , as you say a firm and sturdy structure.Analyzing these factors, in my view, your  is beautiful because it is stable. I understand that you, being an architect, when you see a building that has a stable structure could identify it as nice ... I  you should look at your , your creation, in that same way. As you explain, as you've thought all parts of the , it sounds like it is with passion, you should then analyze aesthetically and I  you could say how beautiful it is.Congratulations for that final idea you raise, sounds like you're being creative, dont you ?Education: I could see how other people have the same problem but in reverse it. Fail to balance aesthetics and technique. In this case, the goal of making a strong structure has made it difficult to  about the aesthetics of the .""Returning to my own submission, I find that my aesthetic choices still satisfy me.Do my written submissions mention any of the creativity models described in the lectures?  No.I find that my submission has a higher T-score than those I was given to evaluate.  But is lower than most of those I saw in the discussion threads.People who contribute to the threads, who put more effort into the course, are getting better results."it is an interesting  that seems to focus more on building a solid foundation/base and of course, some aesthetic features. I lack much coloration  probablely due to what  color is available to the student. I learnt that more styles need to be explored in next excercise."My  is much tidier and in a more solid shape than the others I have seen. I also put more effort in and built it more times to experiment than other people. Like the first person I critiqued I also shared my work with a friend, but I went further by getting them to grade my work too. I gave myself the same kind of ratings as the work I critiqued so I now feel that I was a bit of a harsh critic towards my own work. If I were to build a   again I'd quite like to try using the pyramid style structure someone else used. I don't feel like it would be as successful as the one above and it would use more s, which would decrease the T value further. By looking at others work I feel I have been too harsh a critic of my own work and have also learned to  outside of the box slightly. By   I was ing of a straight structure but clearly a pyramid works also. "I loved this! The student was positive and his  was elegant and delicately balanced, yet made from sturdy canvas s. Good to look at!Its nice to see you have tried different  ways of of constructing  . I liked when you said "It was beautiful for me because it represented my family, I named the  the Ms Life Steps."  Good work. Keep it up.Your  looks really "designer" like and the colours indeed make it kook beautiful You got a lot of height from just four s. The shape of it looks dynamic like it is going to move forward and overall it kind of reminds me of a fashion advertisement. I wonder why you didn't try to use both halves of the pairs - or did you literally just have four s without partners. My own  was far less elegant and all black, so I wish I was a person who wears colours so I could make a  like yours!I  i gained good height with a wide variety of s which shows my willingness to experiment with different materials. I  my design is quite unique in the broad variety and colours of s it uses, but consequently som of the the beauty is lost as a consequence of the variety. I have learned that there are LOTS of ways to build  s and being brave with the materials used and not prejudging what the outcome may be is the best way to be inventive."The   looks really neat and stable. I like the way the s have been methodically stacked and then the top s balanced to create a point. It is interesting that you made 9 attempts and kept a journal to record what worked and what didn't work. It is easy to sometimes repeat our mistakes and not learn from them. In order to achieve your goal of 10/10 in aesthetics it may be worth considering what you could have done to increase the appeal of the materials used. Thank you for your submission, it has taught me to use IFF to improve my creations and to keep a journal to record what has worked and what has not worked. "Student has not engaged with the task even remotely. If student put as much time into actually achieving the task as into attempting to avoid doing the task this feedback would be a genuinely positive 6/10 score. However; the author cannot award this more than a 1/10 due to a complete lack of engagement with the task and poor academic writing ability."Positive: I have explained my  and my process throughly and in detailsUnique: I used a different and new pattern on my  placementRevision: After getting the final , I should have tried to minimise the number of s I have used and experimented more in getting the T value a bit higher. Also, I shouldn't have given up on adding a few layers with heels after I run out of normal s.Education: Comparing your work with others can be an eye opening experiences. Obviously I haven't tried everything I could have, but I did feel happy with my outcome even though it wasn't the highest  or the biggest T value"Very nice work! I love how you sneaked the sandal and the sneaker into the  to be able to support two sides of the  on top of them. Also admire your persistence in making 12 attempts and experimenting with different priorities. Very inspiring!"I love how you have interpreted the exercise.  I  this is by far the most beautiful   I've seen - it's symmetrical, is made up of attractive s, of perfect dimensions.  Their worn parts, and functional over use  are all quite concealed! Delightful. I  you should take pride in your , and recognise it for the unique structure it is.  I wanted to find fault with your interpretation, but you have absolutely satisfied the exercise - even adding to it by giving us a  shaped  of s. Beyond the parameters of the exercise ( I refer to this issue in my own reflective exercise this week) and expertly carried out.  Congratulations, continue creating without fear!"I applaud your dogged determination to succeed! Your  looks very neatly done. Like myself, you put heavyweight s at the base of your  and lightweight s on top, I  this is the only logical approach to take.  It sounds like you used a lot of intense emotion whilst building your , you sighed and yelled and cheered. Why do you feel  that your result could have been more creative? Should it have looked more pretty when finished? What I have learned from your efforts is that I was rather laidback about my   however I also fretted a little over my apparent lack of creativity.  I am not sure what more I could have done though.  Well done."I really like your  ! It's clear that you put a lot of effort into your work by sharing it with a friend and having the discussion about boots. I also like how some of the s are at different angles instead of all of them being flat, it makes the  more interesting to look at. If you were going to build a  again, maybe you could try building it by grouping it into colours of s to make similar coloured layers. It probably wouldn't be as high but it would look very different. In terms of what I have learned by evaluating your work, I also built a solid foundation for mine by putting large s at the bottom but your point about the weight of the s is something that I hadn't considered. Well done! ""I am struck by both the design and the amount of colour in your  .  The colourful design certainly makes this  aesthetically pleasing.  I also like the idea of pointing the s upwards to gain extra height, taking account of the T score.The  has a sturdy looking base and looks as though it is quite stable.  I noticed a pink Croc about halfway up the  which appears to be just sitting on the edge.  I am unsure of whether it is helping to balance the , if not it might be removed to help improve the T score.I have learned from you that there are many more methods of designing the  than I had considered.  Your final design is very interesting and the colours add to the appearance."My  is practical rather than aesthetic.  I found the idea of trying to balance s upon each other, with predictable failures, to be frivolous and risky. Perhaps an interesting factor of my  is that I used every  in the house, no boots were used because they are not technically s. So I suppose I took the assignment literally, a   would not include boots even if others have used them. There was no risk taking involved whilst building my  and I waffled on about the direction it was facing and the weather conditions because I couldnt really  of much to say about it.  I did not throw myself into the spirit of the endeavour. Oh well, I will try harder with the next assignment."I like the fact that instead of pilling the s you used angles. It is creative and I'd never  about it!!It is a great way for having a high T result - you didn't use many s, but you could pile more s - I understand that you didn't have any more, but maybe ask a friend? (I did it)It is still a great idea I don't  I would do a better job with only 6 s!! congrats!!!""You clearly applied some strategy to your  building and managed a pretty tall  - well done!I found it interesting that the beauty of the  had to be compromised for its stability - I found the same with my . I'd like to have seen more detail in your write-up... I couldn't see a T value so it's hard to understand how successful your  is and also how you reached your own score. I also can't see what score you'd like to achieve by the end of the course.  Maybe allow more time to complete the self assessment next time and thoroughly read the instructions? It was nice to see that we both reached the same conclusion regarding aesthetics being sacrificed for stability! ""You have rightly used the stronger base. Don't be too conservative and underrate yourself. You have done a good job.. Its a good work.On the top, if you keep the s in L shape, it will increase height further.Using heavier and larger s at bottom and lighter and smaller s at the top helps. And you have done this rightly.""The  is very straight and appears to be stable.  The colours of the s provide some pleasing changes in the  which is quite an achievement given that this is a  of s belonging to only one person.I would attempt to increase the T score by pointing the final pair of s upwards rather than simply placing them on top of the previous pair of s.I have learned that there are many different approaches that can be taken towards building a  of s.  I have also learned that beauty needs to be considered from more than an aesthetics perspective.  It is important to consider form and fitness for purpose rather than appearance alone.  I don't believe that I had sufficient focus on the T score when I was building the .""Positive: You have achieved a good T value by minimising the number of s you have used, and you did get your friends feedback on the aesthetics aspect of the exercise.Unique: The  positioning is quite different  and triggers my curiosity to see why you have chosen that placement and those angles.Revision: I wish you have described more what the failed attempts were and how you got to this result, and how the final satisfying attempt was built, giving us a bit more about the rational behind the  placement (i.e: why are the s on the lower levels are on their side)Education: I discovered a new way of use thing the s (flipping them on their side) and how I could have experimented in having less s instead of focusing on making it taller.""Good job! I'm impressed by the height you have accomplished, I see that you've managed to focus on the ultimate goal of meters high.As you say the aesthetic does not leave much room for maneuver when you have to play with other physical parameters that limit your creativity ... or develop it, because you are forced to look for other solutions.Although something nice for me is also something stable, as with your . You've gotten one meter structure being stable. I  that's already beautiful.I also  it's great you did previous tests,  about the idea before starting to work directly on it is a process that I also performed in this order.  Also finding s is a creativity task ;)Congratulations!Education: In this case, I was able to see again my lack of ability to prioritize in order to reach as high as possible. To me it was something I have not managed to keep it a priority, I see that I have to work on this idea."Really like how you've approached the process of building (plans, helping tools, tables). The  looks very pretty too. Nice work."Positive: Detailed (Possibly Overly Detailed).Unique: During Providing Feedback the author has seen no others go into precisely the same level of feedback as the author.Revision: Need to be more concise in academic writing.Education: Who knew stacking s could be fun."Awesome s and great  components as well. You should be teaching the course!"I  that my own submission was quite a structured piece. Compared to other students, I feel as though my work was more detailed, although whether this is a good or bad thing I have yet to decide.I liked the aspect of creating something structural using s, as it's an off-the-wall task which is definitely something I have not done before. The really interesting part was documenting the approach, and assigning a value. When you apply limitations to the creative process, the feeling is that you limit the creativity with it. Through the process, I found that not to be the case; instead it gave me the focus needed to creatively solve the task at hand.I have learned that applying a disciplined approach (or a robust structure) allows you to graft creativity around it to achieve the desired goal.""There's some good, dynamic balancing in your structure.  I don't  that it is ugly at all.  It's made of s: that's part of the brief.  When rating 'beauty', I  you should have compared it to others in the discussion threads.  I  it is a fine, dynamic shape. Your description of concept by symbol  (e.g. ""#"" ;  """".) was novel, would never have occurred to me to use that technique to describe structures in text."Your   is really interesting, it's almost like a pyramid in shape and those are very strong shapes. You only built your  once but you did a pretty good job. If you had time to build a   again you could try using some high heeled s, or not keeping the pairs of s together. By looking at your   I have learned that by building a triangle structure with flat s could have helped me make my own  bigger. Well done!"Albeit not the most beautiful  (based on the other fabulous creations I have seen), it certainly has a lot of character. It did the job but mostly: the effort, the learning from failing fast, the funny side of things is apparent and made me laugh.The uniqueness I would say is the story-telling, trying to ensure the reader felt my pain when constructing and reconstructing the . Also, how I interpreted the  - I didn't just see s, I saw a bit of me in it. A suggestion would be to let the artist in me come out a bit more - try and make it more aesthetically pleasing - work the angles, use more imagination with colours . . . and of course . . . buy some new s :-)What I have learned is that I am very critical about my own work, and seeing the other creations and having to  of the feedback for them, made me appreciate my own work a little more. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder after all. I also found I was less interested in the picture (how tall, how beautiful the  was) and more interested in learning how the  was created - what the ing behind it was, what I and my other peers got out of the experience of building it."I appreciate the effort and determination it took to bring this vision to life. The first thing that is evident is the apparent strength of the final product - it seems to be standing solid. The participant had a clear vision and carefully thought out plan. What I found interesting is that the image reminded me of a perfect wedding cake with the two s at the top acting as bride and groom! So, it would be interesting to see a wider bottom to make the triangle shape pop out even more. What I am taking from this is never give up on an idea you believe is or could be something great, even if it takes a few tries.I really like how you decomposed the assignment and created some constraints for yourself as you went through iterations of building the , very useful to do this sort of debriefing and making the task really "yours"."Positive: very clever use of limited s to build height Unique: not just a pile of s. time spent try to achieve goal of heighest  with fewest sRevision: Possible could have gone for an extra layer. maybe use the  lacesEducation: I seem to have spent more time than others on the mission but comparing to the others it seems to have paid off?!""Hello fellow student!  Looking at the photo of your  , the first thing that struck me was how colourful it looked! My s are mostly black or brown, so my  looks a bit dull compared with yours.  I also liked the way you used the different shapes of s, with the more elegant, pointy s towards the top of the  - it gives it a more graceful look.  I  your evaluation is good - you've conveyed the frustration you experienced when building your first few attempts, but your competitive spirit kept you going.  I believe that perseverance is important when being creative.  One thing that would improve your evaluation would be to say a few words about what you learned about the creative process that you could take away and apply next time you do something creative. What would you do differently?Looking at your submission, I've learned to be aware about ing more aesthetically.  I  you have been very creative, given the short amount of time you had to do the task. ""I like how you manage to try in different way to create your . I was a great idea to use the heaviest s to build a balanced .Maybe you could try to put some s in vertical way to get a higher .I  you work hard and reflect about your process in a proper way, well done!!""Positive: The look of the  is quite unexpected and surprising in a good wayUnique: Adding the boot on top is just brilliantRevision: Maybe you could have structured the base of the  so it would look better and use less s, as from your reflection I don't see why the base has to be so wide. Also, I wish you could have described how you got to this result, what you have learned from each attempt, and described the parts that are too dark in the image to seeEducation: Learn the importance of verbalising the process and explaining the outcome. Also, learnt that little can go a long way, that boot added height without significantly increasing the  number""I like the fact that you planned how to do it before even start - you sketched it! I also like that you thought about it being symmetrical.Your T value is the highest I saw!! but maybe you could pile more s? (ask your friends?) I like the way you constructed it - you didn't just pile, you used your creativity for best results! congrats!!!!""The exercise was fun for a while, and I did achieve a  that was stable and not bad-looking. I would have enjoyed it more if I had been able to involve others, and had access to more s.As usual in such things, I ask myself: "" why am I doing this?"" But I did it and succeeded to a degree.My main interest in going the peer review route is to learn what other students do and say, more than what I'm doing.I learned that other students, both women, if that's significant, got their families involved in the project and had a lot of fun in the process.""Hi,Firstly well done on a great . It looks like you've solely used sneakers and i've not seen a  using just sneakers before. It would have been interesting to learn if you had tried different positions with the s such as trying to place them vertically to gain more height. Perhaps you did this, but it is not possible to understand from your submission.Finally thanks again for the submission, I've learned that s can be stacked in lots of ways, but perhaps men's sneakers are the most difficult!"I  I am totally happy with what I have done. After checking others people job I found out that my   is among the highest . And I would give myself a good grade.  This  is colourful and aesthetically fine. Although it may be short. I learn that you may  still obtain a nice  with few s.The submission is of good aesthetics and color display. It is uniquely tall, although may be fragile as there seems not to be a strong supporting base. To improve this , the student needs to either add more shows to the base or reduce the height. I can say that, depending on individuals s colors, I learn to use what I have effectively.Functional creativity at its best although I can only see one  in the picture.Wow you really dived in with this exercise, I love all the ideas you have and you've presented them excellently.That is certainly a , and I had similar comments when asking people to judge its beauty!"I really like your !! It looks really nice one, in style and colors. Maybe you did not do on purpose but the combinations of colors make it very beautiful. Great idea to use the heels to support the structure of your , it looks really solid!!Maybe you could put some s in vertical way and trap with other and to try to make it even taller.Good use of technique and creativity, well done!!!"A fine and stable structure, probably much better than you give yourself credit for. Particularly liked your comment on how you would have got a T value of 30 with only one , perhaps another sentence explaining how would have helped, although not being an expert in ology we share the same doubts as to the T value. In terms of color and creativity that may be as much down to the s we own. Perhaps the question should have asked students to relate their answers to the concepts discussed this week, that would have given us all a reference framework. Even so an excellent answer to an open question. Well done!"My submission was well researched, a good comprehension of what is a  and what is a . My  looks sturdy and well balanced. I feel I could have tried more attempts at creating the  in different ways and would have liked to have experimented a little more before submitting my design. I have learned to be more aware of my impatience! Perhaps I could have chosen the s I liked the look of more to use and this would have created a more pleasing to eye . I have learnt that maybe two beautiful s are better that a pile of unappealing s. I have continued to  about this project over the past week and realise that there where lots of other ways to approach this. I took several more photos of s in beautiful places with amazing backgrounds to make the picture more aesthetically pleasing. I got my children to help me make a   using the s we where wearing at the time, as the brief did not say we were not to be wearing the s - this was lots of fun! My son was happy to climb a tree and make his own   in unusual places!My ideas sometimes take a while to get going and then I have a continuous stream of ideas over a period of time! "Good use of creativity in the activity if not in the final . Having now seen others' s of great elegance I  I really needed some high heel s to give a kind of cantilever effect. I can empathise with the frustration of s falling down, especially when it happens repeatedly! Still, the  was high, the s at the base giving an extra lift with their higher heels, so I  this was a really good assessment.The s I used were mostly flat, summer s, not at all helpful in building a high ! Having said that, I  the result was an attractive, colourful  with the occasional high heel giving extra texture and height."Great ! I was really impressed with the height and stability you managed. You clearly spent a long time working on it and it really paid off.I found it interesting that you only rated your  a 3 for beauty - I  it deserves more. The  itself is very neat and the boot on top makes for a great centrepiece. I wonder if you could have achieved a better T score by using less s - even if it meant sacrificing some of the height? I learnt a lot from your submission and particularly found it interesting you describing the process as like building a 3d  - I , on reflection, I went about the task building a 2d  and would have benefitted from taking your approach! I can also see how the amount of time spent on the task paid off for you - I spent closer to one hour and managed a much smaller . Next time I'll dedicate more time!!"Should have done a few more attempts with different formations."Hello fellow student!  Looking at the photo of your  , the first thing that struck me was how colourful it looked! My s are mostly black or brown, so my  looks a bit dull compared with yours.  I also liked the way you stacked your s, with the bigger, stronger s at the base - it gives it a more graceful look. I wonder whether you  tried to stand the flipflops on their end? This could have made the  a little bit taller. I  your evaluation is good - you obviously tried different ways of building the  and I believe that perseverance is important when being creative.  One thing that might improve your evaluation would be to say a few words about what you learned about the creative process that you could take away and apply next time you do something creative. What would you do differently?Looking at your submission, I've learned to be aware about ing more aesthetically.  I  you have been very creative with this task. "Your words, 'unique exercise' suggests the   exercise surprised you in a pleasant way and it is good to hear your enthusiasm. I learned from your comments, that I also could have given more consideration to colour in my exercise. Your description of making more and more changes was true for many students I . As it was a unique experience perhaps you have extended your creativity."A delightful ,one of the few that ends with a single  on top,  showing creativity and a nice aesthetic touch. Perhaps we both as student and assessor could have benefitted from having to relate this assignment to the concepts discussed this week, and this may be something for us all to reflect on. There is plenty of color and the structure looks sound. The T value of 5.18 is very similar to my own, whatever that may mean in the world of ology...Well done, a fine effort!""Monica has completed all elements of the task successfully and appears to have approached it in a very structured manner.  She seems to have taken care to make sure that the  pairs were not split up for the most part which I found interesting.Maybe some of the answers given could have been a little more evaluative.  I found it interesting that several different styles of  were included in the submission.""I am pleased with the process more than the result. I certainly tried, failed and improved. I am interested that my preferred result was somewhere in the middle of the process. Realising that keeping at it doesn't necessarily make it better every time.Having looked at other submissions, I  that it was important to be different from the obvious solutions."i  it is a creative work I had ever thought of doing in my life"Wow, I love your . I  it is really creative and interesting. Also, you have described a process which is exactly what the lecturers are talking about for this course - try, fail, improve. Well done! You have made a very pretty , and solved the problems of stability in a non-obvious way. I also like your description of the process. You have been very harsh in your own assessment. I would give you much more for creativity. The T value really means nothing, but you got a higher  with fewer s than I did! It is airy and light, looks a bit like one of those new skyscrapers.""Oh MY GOD! 139 s pretty impressive. You do certainly have a creative mind . That was very unique of you to create a 3 legged .The uniqueness is that you have used pretty different kind of s and that the ability of them to stand was unique.If you were creating a three legged  you could have made a structure similar to Eiffel  where the three legs join together at the top! Pretty impressive."That is certainly a good . it looks stable and strong, and symmetrical, and I am glad that you feel you were creative. I can't really say it looks very interesting I'm afraid, and your description of the process is very brief. Part of the process was to make attempts and revisions, and to make notes about this. The process should be iterative, with attempts made to make it 'better' or 'more aesthetic' perhaps. This looks as if you were not very interested in the problem, and just solved it quickly so as to finish. I can not agree with your scores for creativity, I am sorryI cant judge myself but would say that my  could be better if I had devoted more time and had a more colourful selection of s.Well done on your very solid  . You have certainly done what the lecturers are looking for - try, fail, improve. I  you have thought a lot about the problem, and not just made the obvious solution. It looks a bit like a pile of sugar in the market, but I am sure it was not simple to make. I am impressed at how many s you had at your disposal! Did you try for less mass and higher results?it's tall though it used few pairs of s that's real cool"Seeing that the   of yours was 1.63M . That is fascinating . Also since you decided to make it of old s and given the ability they could stand was in fact very unique. You could have mentioned in number how many s you used and what was the total height instead of only giving the metric.This exercise should have given you the ability to  creatively as every time the s had fallen you would have learned new combinations again and again.""it is great and real creative the arrangement seems as some one have to  deep "I still find the idea original - and did not come across it in the two I evaluated. I perhaps find the esthetics better than I at first did, so that's a plus as well. I  I did a decent job here. "The first thing I notice about the photo of the   is the variety of s included and how stable the  looks. I find it interesting that the brown winter boot is in the middle. I would have thought it would have to be closer to the bottom. A slight change to consider would be taking the blue/green sandals towards the top and placing them at the top. That change might be more visually appealing. It is clear that doing this becomes more comfortable, and hopefully more effective, with each one that is done. Following the PURE formula is very helpful."The project was to build a  . And it was built. But it is not original as well. It is just a simple  with no high creativity. The candidate did a powerpoint (that I couldn't read on my computer, no music as well). But the creativity had to be found in the  and not in the presentation. Of course it is important to well present results. But it is also important to well answer to the question. And if we have to evaluate just the project, the , it is not highly creative. I'm afraid that the candidate tried to catch up that lack of creativity in a good presentation which was not asked. Focus on creativity in the project only next time and just talk about the project and not about experiences of life which are without a link with what we're doing.I put a lot of forethought into this  before I attempted to build it.  When I built it, I tried all the options I felt would work well.  I  it would be fun to try some of the options I rejected.  I came into this exercise with biases about the beauty of s!  I centered on the soles as they appeal to me the most.  Also, my husband chooses similar colors in his s, so variety was limited.  Suggestions?  Try some rejected ideas.  Try to expand the placement of the s, putting them heal to toe, for example.  There were more perspectives on  building s than I expected.  It was fun to see how people responded to this exercise.  As well, most people I talked to after the exercise rated themselves at 7.  Me too.  Why did we do that!"Great job!  I really like both your  and your answers.  It's so cool that you worked on this with your daughter!!The ""square"" at the bottom is really neat.  Is it there for structural reasons?  Either way, it totally adds to your aesthetic.I'm sorry but I don't have suggestions for improvement.  I  you've covered everything and have a really nice .  ""I  I got a good height (93 cm) for my , a very stable structure with a very good looking color distribution with the golden s on top. Using different kind of s, kids, women and men s provides more options to close on top similar as a skyscraper. I  I had lot of resources, pair of s available to get a better T value, optimizing number of s or maybe changing structure to get more height.My learning is very important: Creativity an innovation mantra. I should dedicate more time to experiment, try new and different ways, fail a few more times and for sure my creation should be different, taller and with a better T value."I  that, compared with some other s visited in the reviews, my  have a very good quality in regard of T score, with value T = 12.85 at the beginning and with a solid 10 for the stable version reaching 120 cm. I  in regard of beauty I still maintain my original 9, considering the height and T ration I reached, beside some other factors. I  the aesthetics of my  are good although some others are more artistic that mine, but at the end I  I gain due the efficiency of  use. I consider my overall score for creativity might be even higher to reach 8.5 value, again considering the height reached and T ratio.     All of the questions were answered. In future reflections, be sure to capitalize "I," avoid run-on sentences and use spell check."I like your  and agree that it is aesthetically pleasing.I  your approach was extremely creative. I tried to approach the assignment with something other than actual s, but I couldn't come up with anything. I  your decision to use words was deeply creative. I would score you higher in the creativity area. 8 or 9, at least.As for suggestions, I  you could have done more with text color, size, and font that could have really jazzed up the aesthetics. I hope I can take away the idea of really ing out of the box in my approaches to future assignments. Your use of words with the ""shoo"" sound was really a creative and interesting move. I hope I can do something like that in the future."I like that you did not use real s.  I also like the drop shadow.  It would have been nice if  you modeled it after the Eiffel . "From a 3rd party perspective, the design itself is pretty common but you have added some special memory into it. I am glad to know this experiment help you to recall a wonderful memory. The design become vivid after you explain the meaning behind it. I would encourage you to try more and built as high as possible. The main spirit behind this experiment is try as much failure as possible to explore your limitation. Definitely you can built a more higher and more beautiful ! ""Positive: I like your first show  better than the single boot, but I do get it. I  that it is creative in that I paired my s together in a uniform way, layer by layer. You created your  connecting the s individually and uniquely, in a manner that was totally out of my scope of imagination. I also loved the dress  that was keeping the  in balance - I never thought to do that when I saw my  leaning over - I did not  that I could take a  that was not connected to the  itself and use it to help balance the structure. Bravo!Unique: I found the  itself unique and your depth of thought to consider the one tall boot as a possibility also unique.  I liked the inclusion of the picture of the bristle-cone pine but most of all I loved your writing, your writing style, your humor laced with sarcasms here and there. You are so very creative and I imagine an English teacher or Author perhaps? Bravo!Education: I liked your unique  but most of all I loved your written expression of your work which demonstrated your creativity beyond any doubt! Keep up the great work!""I  for a limited amount of resources you did fairly well at this! The most unique thing about your submission to me was the use of velcro and the fact that you experimented with how to lay out the s. I like that you included reasonings for why you did what you did as well. Do you  there's anyway you could have possibly made it taller with the limited resources you had? I  for me what I learned most from you is to use what you have and go with the flow which is just as important as anything else in a creative pursuit. "Good height and stability! Stacking the last  vertically was a clever way to gain more height. From my own experience with this assignment, what looked like a simple task was more difficult than anticipated. I used a similar approach and was inspired by your idea of inverting the orientation in each succeeding row create a stable base. Aesthetically it's underwhelming, but overall a good structure.Impressive height on your , and I like the use of color. There's an open space in the middle of the  that is visually interesting. Your description of your process was quite thorough! I really felt like I was experiencing it with you. However, it may have gotten a little too long. You also weren't too precise about the number of attempts, which was part of the instruction. I also  you were a little hard on yourself in the rating system. But I really got a good sense for what kind of er you are.Seems impossible to reach 40 cms with only 4 s. A picture would be very helpful.Wow! 20 attempts in 6-7 minutes is impressive intelligent fast failure! I was also really impressed with the height you attained with only two pairs of s. (I only had three pairs of s in my .) I liked the creativity you used in how you placed the s and used them for balance and stacking. I wanted to know more about your process: What did you change in each of those 20 attempts? What was your thought process? I also wanted to know more about your statement that the s were ugly but that the  was beautiful. I agree that your  is beautiful, but I wanted to know why you found it beautiful. Also, I wanted to know more about how your process was affected by a limited amount of resources.My  was great in some aspects and not so great in others. I wish I would have spent some more time on it or even been a little more creative. I  taking a picture and uploading it would have helped as well.Nice job! I must agree, your  does have a Christmas tree like structure! I'm impressed you included so many high heels, but am not surprised they acted as anchors and most likely kept the  stable as it grew in height.  Upon first glance, I was surprised you were able to create such a tall  with what appeared to be a a lack of design in the sense that the s were placed randomly, much more so than how I built my  using pairs stacked together.  After reading the material for week 2, I suppose our differing  designs are a reflection of differing creative styles...hmm!"i love your use of comparisons summers in Dremark, christmas tree design as references for your work.  It had a theme which made it whimsical.Contrary to your comments, i thought that you did put time and effort into your work. i would grade your work a 6""Your   is attractive. I like the colorful s and you did a great job of getting the  on top to reach to the sky as much as possible!I thought it was interesting that you used 4 s to create a base that was fairly high, but you made them come together so that there was only room for one  to be placed on top of them.  Maybe it would have worked better to have the 4 s created a foundation that would have supported 2 s?I also thought it was interesting that you tried 5 times, but liked the 2nd version best.  Do you  you stumbled onto a good  early on?   I'm also wondering if you had any other s besides sneakers, do you  you could have built a higher ?  I enjoyed seeing your  and how it differed from mine.  I  like you, perhaps we both felt ""guilty"" because we did not spend more time on the task.  I also  we both had a hard time giving it a numerical grade - it's hard to to that without seeing other s first.  Thanks for letting me see your .""positive- Your  looks quite strong and well constructedUnique- you've built kind of a pyramid with an extended top for height  revision-It would have been nice if the photo was right side upEducation- your approach seemed to be to build a strong structure instead of trying to balance the s you laid them flat and set them in one another much the way an engineer would construct a structure this was a very different approach then the one I took""The T value is amazing. All high heels! =) Could adjust the combinations of the colours.I will do this next time if I have that many pairs of high heels lol. =DNice work!  10/10"My   offers an anecdotal and somewhat whimsical approach to the problem of creating a   on a hot summer night in Seattle. Photographing the , then presenting it on a plain backdrop adds drama to the . With more effort I might have been able to go higher, but I really enjoyed observing and being a part of the group interaction that accompanied this endeavor. I learned that while my inclination is to see a beautiful Gaudiesque  floating effortlessly and forever stable in my head, the reality is that finding a shared balance among 45 s or more may be a bit challenging and less beautiful.The  got pretty tall so well done. Your consideration and execution in telling a story was above and beyond the task, I . Although, without the turquoise  the  has a more cohesive and solid brown and gray color palette. It was interesting to see how you set the top  vertically without over-distributing the weight to just that one side.What a great idea that you incorporated the activity into your work as a teacher. I'm sure that was great for the kids, as well. I  it's important to incorporate creativity into our everyday lives, and that's what you accomplished with your . Nice job!I built a super high  with a good t-value and some it had some interesting features, like the baby  and big foot slippers, but the base was boring. I should have added more color throughout the .  I set too many rules and worked toward a height goal at the expense of artistic value.  I learned that all ideas/structures should be considered and a blend of those can yield the best results.  I still agree with my scores, but can see lots of ways to improve my , but their are features/styles that I would use again.  I appreciate that there is a photo of the .  There are really good details about the whole process of attempting and deciding.  Maybe more attempts could have been made, and more s used for a higher .  Good idea, turning a pair of boots upside down to serve as platforms for the next level of s.The overall structure is appealing to me. The 2 pairs of black boots with different colored s has good aesthetic effect.   A more vibrant color would have been nice.  I believe it helps to regard my own submission when I have to provide feedback on someone else's.  "Positive:  Well-written description, you truly give me a sense of what you went through and the failures/successes along the way.Unique:  The baby  idea, and the fact that you started from the top rather than the base in ing about your design.Revision:  I honestly can't  of anything you could do better other than what you did.  You're right - if you had great stilettos or a tall pair of cowboy boots it could improve aesthetically - but you didn't and neither did I.Education:  By ing about what you wanted to end with, you had a goal in mind.  I  a lot of times we start something without having a clue what the outcome might be.  So I learned that next time I do something like this, look at it both ways.  Also ing out of the box...creating a baby  from paper!...now that was creative."Very nice ! Your  looks like it is fairly strong and will not easily fall down.  I like your idea using 3 sneakers make a triangle base. Do you  you might have made the  even taller if you had used both of the black boots? If I build another  I  I'll try starting with a base like yours."Well done! I am not normally a fan of highly symmetrical things, but I find the symmetry of your   very appealing. Clearly it is an effective way to make the , but it is also aesthetically appealing compared to many of the other rather random looking  s I have seen posted. What you gave up in T-value you gained in appearance. I also  your idea of trying the exercise at a temple, wedding, or other large gathering is very clever. If you could get people to agree it would be a very interesting exercise to not only use the large number of s available, but perhaps to also get some additional people involved to see how the group dynamic changes the exercise. Alas, I am not surprised that you had difficulty getting people to understand and participate.""It looks very stable to me, in fact, it looks like you could have kept on building it higher and higher without any problem. I like the symmetry,the balance, and also the uniformity, The s look all the same size and type (sneakers). Your diagram shows how logical you were in your judgments, and very organized; trying 15 attempts only indicates how much patience you have.Looking at the photo, I wonder if you arranged the s to cross rather than line up you might create more movement and tension, which might make the composition a bit more interesting.I never even considered this approach to stacking the s but it amazes me to realize how many combinations are possible with this simple exercise. Perhaps I need to be more daring and brave in my work to allow more ""mistakes"" and enjoy THEM!""P-Your  seemed high and straight, pretty solid. I liked the heavier s at the bottom.U-Looks like you used s inside s to provide structure.R-Though you spent some time on this, it seems like you stuck with the 4-base design. Perhaps trying a wider variety of styles?E-I learned you can use laces to provide cohesiveness.""When I saw your  first time, the word simply came out of my mouth as ""Wow"". You did a wonderful effort to build this  .The basic problem with average s is, they are tough at the back and hallow at front. We usually use different style of s every time we do such exercise. But from the picture, it looks like you used same style of s that that make this thing unique and remarkable. Unlike every creative ideas, one of the major area I would like you to improve is, try using different styles of s. If possible, bring some good sandals from your GF ;) It will give you great more ideas to build an artistic  instead of monotonous bricks (I still love it and these words means to make you try something different next time.) On my overall experience, I was a reviewer in my past but not a critic. Nobody is right in art field and nobody is wrong, we need to learn to entertain the originality. I learned a lot to get extra ordinary facts out of one of the ordinary craft."I really like the purple converse on the top. Looks like I was "winging it" from the start. I supposed if i spent more time I could have made it taller. I evaluated 3 students, two were very symetrical, one artistic. Mine has a slightly carefree yet strategic approach. The similar two were rectangles, mine had a pyramid shape.I really love your ! It is very colorful and intricately designed. The various colors and textures from the s complement each other very well, and I feel like it should be displayed in a modern art museum! I  you deserve more than a 4 for creativity and more than a 2 for beauty. You really had a lot of common sense to use flat-bottomed s while constructing this  because it enabled you to build a taller  in a shorter amount of time, and this process seems much less daunting than building a  out of mainly high-heeled s. I also  the  is very beautiful and is definitely worthy of more than a 2! From seeing your submission, I have learned that to build a  out of s, use flat-bottomed s.I really like the balanced look of both of your s. Structurally, the first one looks really good. We are similar in our attempts in the sense that balance and putting the heavier s on the bottom is the best way to start. I like the shape of your second  and I see that you were more successful in achieving a greater height, but I wonder if that shape and height would be possible without the use of the outside object (cabinet), like the project description stated?I liked that you put the s together, and made them into a ! However, I  you could have made it a little more stable because it looks a little bent and on the voyage of tipping over. This  taught me that a   is more stable when it is in the shape of a pyramid!"You completed the assignment by answering all the questions. While English may not be your first language, keep practicing. There were some misspellings that lead to some confusion for this reader. Use spell check, check to ensure that you used the correct verb tense and remember that the first word of each sentence should be capitalized."I am satisfied with my approach because I dealt with the obstacles first (focus on stability) and the visualized myself doing the project before I actually began. "Positive and Unique: Great idea to anchor two upright s in horizontally stacked s to boost height gained per s used. Also great idea to stack single s towards the top when the  starts becoming unstable.  The  looked pretty nice with the base s pointing in alternating directions - I liked that. This student had efficiency and minimalism in mind.Revision: The approach is unique; based on the design of the base there isn't too much else that can be done with it. You could have stuck the slipper in the opening of the last  on top to boost the height of your .Education: Efficiency"I  that you have not given yourself enough credit! Your use of the words at the top act like a billboard at the top of a  much like a tall city  does for advertising. The s that seem to be off the  send a message that they are "walking away" add interest to the . It evokes the question "where are those s going?"  They also appear to be the odd s out since they are not of the althlectic style which would seem like a metaphor for the "geek" that does not fit in with the "jocks." I found myself curious about what would happen next in this action . The only suggestions I would make would be to find a way to give the  a bit more height by using the length of the s rather than the widths only. I noticed the symmetry of having the pair of s stay together rather than intermingling them altogether gave it organization and neatness. I found it interesting for this reason, and the reason that I would give you a higher score than you would give to yourself. "My   was built through trial and error, and that is an important element of any problem-solving expert. I hope to become even more willing to face error because I am willing to try even more radical ideas in my real life, and I want to practice more of that in this course.If I were to continue attempting this, I would want to try s of different sizes (retrieving some of my children's s) and try placing some of the s vertically (while others continue to form the horizontal rungs of the ) to see what heights I could achieve. I believe I could increase the height substantially. I want to challenge myself to be more creative and take more risks in my ideas through this course, so I will be more practiced in doing that in challenges at work and at home. "The structure of the   is good. I like the darker, heaviest s on the bottom and the bright, lighter s on the top. I like how the  seems to be leaning towards the side without falling apart. The base makes a good foundation for the s on top. I would suggest to have the pairs of s (the lighter ones) separate from the pair and placed on the other boot. Create an X image for more balance. This shows me that you have good structure and unique daring creativity. Brings up the question, "will it fall"? I learned that we all have a creative side and by giving feedback to one another helps us open our minds, get ideas to be more creative in what we do.  I like your descriptions of the different methods you tried. It sounds really interesting and creative. You sound like a creative person even though you say you're not! The "bridge" idea you wrote about is really unique and your  looks really stable.  In terms of improvement, I  your T-value is very low. So I  you went more in the creative/beautiful direction and sacrificed some height and T-value. I wonder if one slipper would have worked as a bridge instead of two? Your method was definitely unique and not one that I thought of. It's a good one to explore integrating into future  s!Wow! an excellent display and well written approach to your thoughts and results of this assignment. How would you have written the instructions given at the beginning? is this something you would share with your friends and colleagues to spark their creativity?The appearance of this  lends one to believe that not too much went into the creativity process...it is short as opposed to a . The student self-evaluated well, as I  a 4 is appropriate"I'm not sure about how successful the color combination worked out but I do like the mingling of s, sandals and sneakers. At first glance the  looks jumbled and almost chaotic but the more I looked at it the more it looked like a rush of everyone trying to get to the top and everyone is stepping over and on those below. The chaos then has significance. I do get the sense that you enjoyed this project and that's great.Because you feel that this was an easy solution I feel that you could have given a bit more attention to the  positions. That could also have made it possible to get more height. Don't be nervous, enjoy the process and the result will happen.  You can look forward to being a 10 but believe in yourself because right now you are definitely more than a 5."You optimistically planned to use all of the s you had!  Wow, that's going for it.  I thought the lighter colors on top made sense to aesthetically reinforce the top being lighter.  Wished it had a bit more structure or open spaces.  I was inspired by your aim to get every  in the house on that .You definitely went through the creative process considering all the thought you put into making this  . Your submission was unique - it was almost like reading a story and I enjoyed it! A critic would be to not let the amount of s limit you - go out and borrow s from friends! You came up with some clever ideas to keep your   stable which I would not have thought of before. "My  got really tall, and it's pretty sturdy, for a  made from s.I  the interesting thing was the use of the Converse as buttresses. Also, the choice of s as a representation of the personality was interesting.It lacks color. Partly, that's due to the availability of s, but in retrospect, I did have a few others I could have chosen. It was interesting to look at mine a week after doing it, and to evaluate it after seeing some other people's. It helped me see a little deeper into the creative process.""Great job!  A fine structure, that stands.Thank you for bringing to mind the image of the piles of s confiscated at the killing camps.  Piles and piles never to be walked in again.  Incredibly moving that art installation.  I  easier to suffer the art installation than to witness the actual piles that were seen at the liberation of the camps.P:  Nicely stacked.  Love the angles and how your structure rises and leans as if to say, ""hey, I am doing this against my will.  I really prefer to be closer to the ground!""U: Hard to really know, but from your structure I believe you are a guy, and from your choice of s, that would tell me, masculine.  But there is a sensitivity in your choice of placement that is somewhat feminine.R: What you say to me in your choice of s to build with, and how you placed them, is sufficient.  Were you trying to build an architectural wonder or and aesthetic master piece, I suspect you could easily.  So I will say here, for the ""revision"" that you met your objective, well.E:v From your work I am reminded that creativity can be spurred by the most poignant things in life as well as the most superficial.  Many of the s submitted by our fellow students were more whimsical, and not especially -like, and maybe it is that they express joy or carefree abandon at doing something fun and unusual in this course assignment.  I  what I most get from yours is that no matter what we do our creativity is never far from what really and truly what touches us.  And that is a very good thing." has good balance and symmetry. Various types of s used to gain height.  Solid build is what I see and maybe with more s it could have gone higher.  Everyone has a different perspective on building a  .I have no idea what should  be in this box.  All is already said above."1. It was great that I had a few attempts and learned from each attempt - what works and what doesn't. Also, it's great to try building the   on different surfaces to see if there will be different results. In addition, I used a few ways to assess my beautiful my  is, this ensures my reasonably fair result. Overall, I  I did a good job. 2. Interesting that I thought about trying on different surfaces and the idea of Jenga! (apparently other students thought about this too - in my peer review work for another student, he/she thought about Jenga too)3. I could have been more creative and thought about using the laces as a helping tool. I never thought about that. In addition, I could have tried to build this the next day to try again, it's possible that I'd get some other creative ideas!4. I find it helpful to review other people's work, understand their thought process, what worked for them, and what could have been improved for my project. Other people's work definitely gave me some insight as to how I can improve my project. "Although you say you did this exercise quickly, your  looks very impressive: strong and tall.  You thought about the stability of the s as well, so, much thought went into it before you built it I assume.  Were the friends who rated you taking the class or as invested as you were in the exercise?  What factors did they use to rate you? I would have rated it higher!  Did you try to build the  differently with the same s so the tougher s were at the bottom and the more flimsy ones at the top, for example?  I find the "prettier"  hard to  of since I don't see s as pretty; however, I do like the designs on the soles, so I tended to put them outward.  Are you basing your creativity score on failing only once?  Failure is part of the process, a valuable part.  Also spending only a few minutes to do it; maybe most of your thought process happened before you undertook it."Congratulations on making the 100 cm club! (I don't know if such a thing exists, but it is still impressive that you gained such a height with the  .) I like that you described specifically what different approaches you took to arrive at your final design.I like that the running s in your  added splashes of color. (The neon ones midway up the , for example.) The different blends of the dark s and the athletic s created a different mix for your .Could you elaborate a bit more on what you consider to be your place on the creativity scale? Was the idea to address color and shape more if you were to do it again the result of your friends' comments?I learned that, while we are all from different background and currently in many different locales, many of us came to the same conclusions through trial and error and were able to actually erect somewhat similar s.""You were able to build a structure that met the requirements.  It is tall, balanced and strong using only s.I'm not seeing as  high a grade for uniqueness as I did for balance and strength.If you were to revise your structure, would you have placed some s vertically?Or possibly found some s with color?Overall, you were able to meet all the requirements in a strong stable  of good height"The approach for the foundation is interesting regularly all s revised use the s sole as the base, and this  does the opposite; using the sole upside down to use the  body as the foundation. I found similarities with the  I created in regard of the use of the  opening (where we slide our feet), as the means to attach one  with another, having an improved stability in my experience. I guess the only drawback is the somewhat lower T ratio value, but I  it just a detail considering the very good end result, especially for the peculiarity at the base."Quote: First I set out to build the highest possible  just by setting s vertically one onto another, but when I tried to set the third  this way, I understood that this strategy was going to fail. I then used the heaviest s, which had most metal details on them, as a ""base"", and continued working. This attention to detail made your s come alive. They spoke your purpose, presented your aurora, and captured your essence of understanding that failure is a part of life but not the only option. Sometimes, we have to pick ourselves up by our bootstraps and continue the mission. You were able to make this piece a part of your character. According to Velegol (2013), Character defines everything that goes into and comes out of a person, Character  is who I am. Within that boundary, I determine who I will balance the tasks I will do and the people I will interact with.  In the protoplasm of life, which Center calls ownership (pp. 7-8). Velegol, D. (2013). CENTER: A system of six practices for taking charge of your passions and purposes in self, family, work, and community. (Creativity, Innovation, and Change, Inc., custom ed.). Seattle, WA: CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform. . KimberlyLive Long and Be Creative""I like the elegant design of my . It's almost symmetry. And I like the color of s which are very bright. And it's my tallest  design so far.I learn to build a better  as I failed to build previous tallest s. By keep building and failing more often, I was able to build my tallest  that I liked the most."I like the way I really thought through the process. I paid more attention to where my ideas come from and how those attempts guided me to my final version. And I feel the ing process is unique and interesting, because it helped me to better understand myself. I  I may need to  more on the beauty question. I learned a lot from the experience and the ing process it gave me. "What a beautiful creation!  I really like the use of the high heels for the top.  Aesthetically, your   has some real creative appeal.  I also liked the way you worked out the construction aspect, learning that the heavier s would serve as a sturdier base and that the flat bottoms served as an excellent building platform.  If there was a next time performing this same project, I would like to see if you could use more s to perhaps reach a higher height, and hopefully a higher T score.  Giving feedback is an interesting challenge in that there are no wrong answers to the puzzle.  So, while we were all aware of the goal given to us, we will all approach it differently.  What I most looked for from my peer, was that he or she took the problem seriously, gave it some good thought, and executed it in a way that showed good effort.    "...Looking around the picture looks like most of your s were for people with very small feet so im sure that took a lot away for your T value...Lol However I do like your use of the rockin boots. You created your own T value literally. I was just ing that maybe you could have balanced your little peoples s on the boot for a little higher level. But creativity is all about using what you have so good job! "Positive: Great job with your . You made use of your available resources and completed the assignment without trouble. Unique: I really enjoyed how you stacked your s. I found it to be creative. Revision: Think about how adding multiple pairs of s effected your T value, what would one pair of s give you for your T value, and what would two, or three. Education: I learned that even with seemingly limited resources that you can create a beautiful submission that has creative aspects. "You did pretty well on this assignment, in my opinion."Pure: Your  was very creative and aesthetically appealing. It does look like the eiffel Unique: I like that you shared your creation online with others outside the course to gauge your work. That was unique and thoughtful. Your use of the heals at the bottom of the  is also interesting. Revision: You mentioned it slightly but I wanted to drive home the task regarding the T value. Think about how using just one pair of s, say the boots. What would this give you for the T value, compared to your T value with your completed . Education: I liked that you mentioned intelligent fast failure. I had never heard of this before this class and like that you worked this concept into your submission which lead me to read and learn more about this approach. ""The strength of this submission was the stability of the  achieved. I have seen other s, but this one is unique for one main reason - the s used here are canvas s mainly - and the layers were very well arranged to give the  its stability.One thing, as a friend - I would suggest - to me, this was more like ""brick-mortar"" type of model. You could have increased the height of this  by putting one or more s vertically and you could have achieved increased height. I learned something from this submission - Mine was very different and taller, but less stable. Yours passes the stability test! Good job!""Aw, no image!  But that said ...P: I appreciate what you say about understanding the material - leather as heavier - in building a  . And thanks for writing about with which s you decided to use.U: Love that you talked about revisions and balancing - certainly that is a factor that everyone participating in the assignment can relate to!R: The absence of a picture and the brevity of your description makes it hard to get a feel for your work.E: Creativity is sometimes quiet.  Sometimes reliant upon the witness to bring his or her own creativity to find that in another's."It was a shock to see my submission after the two peer evaluations.  My submission looks strong with clean lines, a bit colorful and statuesque and the more I view it the better I feel. I  I discussed most of my impressions in the commentary for the submission and I would be repeating most of that. My criticism is that more could have been done with more time spent on the project, but I did not have the time to dedicate to it. s will never be the same for me again, I have painted sneakers and I have painted old high heel s but I have never done a s  before and it was not as simple as one would . I learned about failure (falling or crumbling s) at the very moment of measurement or photography, it was fun, a fun project I have not undertaken in ages.I liked the submission and having completed my  while away from my home, I can empathize with the artist who created this. I liked the lines and the simplicity, reminded me of walking not just s being stacked. Very good effort in my estimation, quite unique and innovative given you only had so few s to use and no ruler. My only suggestion is for this person to continue submitting her projects to this course , because I am curious to see what she comes up with next. This submission is a true example of not being limited and discouraged by so few s. Good Work and definitely not a 3!!!Starting with some beautiful s was the way to go. Your heels are popping with color and the creative way you balanced the heel from one  to another is very creative. I  this is a very aesthetically pleasing submission. I like the use of negative space instead of going with a "jenga-ish" stacking approach. Great job!I  that my   is much more beautiful than I originally thought. My  leans dramatically, but using extra s to bolster the sides really helped to keep it from falling. The "glow in the dark" stripes on my side prop s add a beautiful touch that interestingly,  I only now noticed.  I concentrated more on achieving a tall  than on aesthetics or T value. More work, "frequent failure" may have yielded a better result. I learned that I should have spent more time on the "reflection" step of the exercise.I love the color scheme and the angles. I am amazed at how the boots provide an artistic element while staying in place.  I wonder is you could have tried laying the boots on their sides to gain more height.  I walk away from this experience loving to see a different approach to the same task. I believe that the weight balance was smart. I hope that my comments were helpful."The structure looks beautiful and you get a great height. Usage or different s sizes is a must and unique characteristic of this cool .I  you got a good number of s, and maybe you could improve your T value improving a little bit the height or a distribution with less s.Interesting to see how different structures are working and how the human mind s different.""I like your  .  It looks pleasing and like a successful .  I also appreciate the description in the first section of your attempts, revisions and success.  I thought it was interesting how you layered the s, so that it looked pleasing and worked at the same time.I would suggest that you could give more response in the third and final sections.  In terms of how beautiful your  was you gave a number without the reasoning for how you assessed and came up with this number.  In the final section, you gave yourself a score of 5 based on 2 minutes in each attempt, but that wasn't enough information for me to know what you mean by that.I understand you want to improve your creativity, so that you can give yourself a score of 10.  If you write more descriptive reflections in all the sections, you may see that you are more creative than you realized.  I learned that you used your persistence and revisions to come up with a very nice ."I like the interlocking s to build strength. The open squares make your submission unique and adds style. I  it's great and cannot find room for improvement using the materials you have used. Perhaps it could be made higher with a lightweight  on top. Your in-depth analyses is thoughtful and display self reflection which should aid you in any design process."I am very impressed for this great creativity application due the limited resources (few pairs). The T Factor 9.1, 91 cm with only 10 s is amazing. The structure, ""windows"" and color organization look also very good.I guess you are using big size s. I liked the s links and how you get a tall structure with limited resources.I  this person did a great job. My recommendation would be maybe to try to improve white s position to reach a few centimeters more. And of course, to get more resources, ask friends, colleagues or family to borrow some extra pair of s.I learn a lot of this submission. I got a few taller and maybe more stable  with a simple basic structure and using 30 s. This is a better exercise than mine and more creative.   "Your   is very attractive. I like the floating  with a green strap and the fountain at the top. I  the top s look great and I used the same principle with daintier s on top. The blue lace-up  adds a nice visual contrast. Your T value is actually 4.1 as you used 14 s. I  that you underestimate the beauty of your design and your creative ability. Great job!This was a well-thought out, cohesive submission! It was easy to follow the process undertaken to complete the assignment.This submission was interesting because of the description of the process.The mention of using music to set the creative mood was great! There is nothing that in mediately comes to mind in terms of how this submission Could be improved. This submission demonstrated many of the principles of creativity taught in the course.The  have a very aesthetic form, very good combination of  orientation, the approach to gaining height with free spaces in the middle of the structure is really remarkable. The down side is that you require a lot of "material" to gain height giving you a low T score value; but still I  this is just a minor detail considering the beauty of the end result. In my method I never considered a combination like this and I believe it is a very stable structure, with which you can gain some serious heights using this approach. After looking at some other submissions, I feel as though I could have pushed myself more on creativity and design. I stayed with a simple and somewhat basic design, but aesthetically, I  my  looks nice. Maybe if I made the base wider, I could have played with the height more. Definitely learned the usefulness of trial and error, not to rush a design and to really  outside the box with this exercise. I hope you had fun building the .Iknow I did. I thing you got a good height for the . I liked that figured out how to include heels and boots. On mine  I didn't even try heels (because of the symetrical issues) and only used a boot on top add height (like a spire). I wonder if you could have worked on making the base more stable with out the use of the side support, which would have given you a higher T value. Over all nicely done. There were several elements that I felt worked well in the composition. While evaluating my set of peers I realized that each individual had a set of expectations and evaluated themselves accordingly. For me the result was not as important as how I felt in building the . I considered my  more of a creation than construction. I do have to admit I could have made more than one  but I am held back by my accepting good solutions to the challenges instead being more thorough and pushing the 'limits." Sometimes I'm too literal, I don't  of outrageous, silly or another versions of the problem. However I enjoy being amazed and learning and seeking new concepts. Going horizontal was an interesting perspective with the tallness becoming a factor of how wide the patterns grows on the floor. With a little more s, the pattern could be extended into a vertical dimension too which would add to the uniqueness. I'm not able to view the photo, but if it showed up would certainly have appreciated better. I like that you have chosen to do the  horizontally.  I admire your change in perspective.   Even with this style, you must still take into consideration placement of the s to ensure a beautiful .  Did you build the ?  I find it hard to chose a rating for myself; I too chose 7.  Why did you choose this?  How did the exercise impact your ing?  My greatest joy in doing this exercise was to see how differently we all , and yet how similar our submissions are.I really liked your . It seems much more creative than mine and others I saw. I would say that just my ing on trying a monochrome  you should give yourself 7 or 8 in how beautiful it was. And I also really liked the way you structured it. I thought it was super original. I was just curious about the whole vision of the , the photo is not clear about how the  was built."Positive:  I really enjoyed your  .   At first it appeared monochromatic in color, but then I noticed there was more to it.   Enjoyed the variety and the shape of your .   Unique: Liked the s that you picked.  Interesting designs in the  leather itself that added to the bigger picture.   Could not see black s as clearly but that added to the mystery and interest.   Nice focal point with the flower on the one .  Revision: Maybe play around with width or height of  , plus how s are connected.   Education: I liked seeing a shorter   with lots of interest to it.   That inspired me, plus your use of  several s with similar color.   ""I'm very impressed with the ingenuity with which you utilized the various  parts. It seems pretty solidly constructed too.  One critique, and a purely subjective, aesthetic one, is the turquoise and peach s near the base.  I  it would have been interesting to have the solid, functional, s at the base and progressively lighter, more 'whimsical', fun s rising above.  And it does have that aspect except for those two s, at least as I see it. The sandals at the top look as if they constructed the  just so you would take *them* to the beach.Your submission has educated me by the layering of s inside s at the base.  I had a similar idea, but didn't  to take it so far, and so didn't get the stability gains you did.""There is a very interesting color transition in this  that is very earthy - with the heaviest/ darkest colors on the bottom that transitions to mid-tone browns, and finally to the sky blue. It looks like a landscape. There is also a lot of balance (I don't really see the clutter in this structure). I would have liked to have seen photos of the other attempt where the technique was to insert the s into each other. Even if it wasn't as successful, that technique is more challenging than the stacking and would be fun to see. It has to be difficult to rate one's work before given feedback, but I would rate the beauty as slightly higher than this student did, but I may have found the ""failed"" attempt more creative than the stacking. A photo from another angle, or a photo of another attempt may help reviewers understand the process better. ""Congratulations on not giving up! Clearly, you persevered and continued trying to build the  again and again. And it was impressive that you uploaded your images to another site when the coursera one wouldn't work for you. Again, that showed tenacity. In the future, please try to check your verb tenses.There were occasions when you used present tense instead of past tense. English may not be your first language -  You're doing well overall, just keep practicing.  "I really enjoyed how you designed the base of your  it was uniformly appealing to the eye.  It was also quite impressive that you built a  that tall in your first few attempts so congratulations.  I wish I could have seen your first  of 36 s I bet that would have looked pretty neat.  I  your own advice is correct in saying that you should have taken a few more attempts to hone your design.  It would have been nice to see how you could have tweaked it even more with some extra effort put in.  Also, I noticed you didn't spend too much time working on the T value for your project, which would have stretched your creativity a little further in that you would have to find a way to maintain height and cut down on the number of s.  I learned a bit from the approach you took you took to design your base and is something that I would have liked to use on my own design if I were to do this assignment again.  Overall good job, keep up the good work! I laughed when you wrote that your Romanian host mother wouldnt have understood what you were attempting to do with all those s. What a pleasant surprise for you to realize that you had more s and color to work with than you originally thought.  It is unfortunate that Im not able to see a photograph of your project. I envisioned an artsy looking structure with pops of purple, yellow, and pink. You did a very good job on erecting a  with a T value of 8. It wasnt clear exactly how many s you used in total. Overall it sounds like you were quite pleased with the results given the limited amount of time you had for this project."Well done. I congratulate you on the fact that it never fell during your construction.You did indeed build a good foundation. You achieved an excellent height particularly given the fact that you used so many sandals. I appreciated the textures in your  that were present because you used women's s. The colors also stuck out. I noticed also that you used a high heel  on the top of the  to give it that final burst of height - excellent choice. The only thing I can  of that might have made it more beautiful is to have grouped similar colors together or use alternative colors in a vertical line thereby outlining the  shape.I found it interesting how well women's s could be used for this project. Thank you for your submission."This is an awesome accomplishment, you not only succeeded in creating a tall  but it seems to be extremely sturdy as well.  It was great to hear that you made several attempts and more important, that you learned from them.  I honestly  you did a really good job, and believe you should have given yourself a higher score on creativity.  Lastly, I liked how you associated your exercise to real life, very interesting!I  your  was quite tall! and I loved the colorful antenna-like top.  The foundation was very stable which supported the large number of s.  The directions said "no string", but you were creative using the  laces to support a row of heavy boots!  Good ing!  Your process taught me to effectively use all the parts of the s and to start with a substantial base.Hey love those "American Boots"! They bring equal parts style and height to your .  I bet with all of those other s used in the base you could have gotten some more height out of them with a few more attempts. IFF is a great concept. Have fun with it. Experiment.   It makes these things so much more fun and greatly enhances what you end up learning from the experience. I must say, the final height of your  is a bit ambiguous.  The T formula is: height in centimeters divided by total number of s.  All in all, that pair of boots sticks out in my mind as a stark reminder that although there may be many ingredients to a creative project, style is what gets remembered. Great job.I did pretty well on this assignment, in my opinion."Huge T value - though not the sole purpose of the exercise, clearly well-executed on this front. Also the red   is very pretty to look at.Interesting approach minimizing the number of s used to maximize T. Certainly makes the  more homogenous, but perhaps overall less interesting/complex.It's possible using only a few s missed the point of the exercise. Though some attempts at a more traditional   - if there is such a thing :) - were made, clearly the driving motivator behind these experiments was the T value. I learned that I gave a lot more detail and took more pictures than at least a few of my colleagues. Perhaps I was more immersed in this exercise than I originally thought. "I thought this submission was pretty good. There were several attempts with varying factors to make the   not only stay erect, but also look pretty good. I was impressed with the T value. Only 9 s with that height was pretty amazing to me! The only improvement might be to add more 'colorful' s to the , but if that is not available, then what you did with what you had to work with was pretty impressive. I would like to rebuild my  from what I learned from this . I feel this one was engineered well.I agree with you that the   is more charming than pretty. Love the rain boots, and the "summer/winter" theme. Makes me  of rain on a summer day. You have good elevation by using the boots, but they look more flimsy than sturdy. I would have attempted to create a high base by using sturdy s and placed the boots on top. Its a creative use of materials and I learned creativity will get you to the top! You did well it was a strong  with many pairs.This was a more beautiful and creative  than you give yourself credit for. I could immediately see aspects of your personality based on the s you picked. It's clear that putting more s for a wider base proved to make the structure stable enough to only use one  per level mid way up and higher. I like the idea of using the horse, it shows ing outside the box of just using conventional s. To improve the structure, I'd try to rearrange some of the s to provide an even stronger base as it appears the  seems to be leaning to the left. To aesthetically add to it, I would try to put the soles inward. Having the soles outward doesn't make it as pleasing to the eye; although, these specific s don't appear to be very dirty. I like the use of such personal and sentimental s, it helps tell the story of your personality and draws observers in more. "Positive: What was done well was the time and effort expended for this assignment. 20  s built is an outstanding attempt at building. The thoroughness of reading and re-reading instructions to make sure that you had an understanding of the assignment was an excellent way to cement your understanding.Unique: I found the horse s interesting. That is definitely ing outside of the box to add horse s as well as your own s. Looking up the definitions for  and  to expand understanding and possibly take the assignment to a new level = brilliant.Revision: I was surprised that with all of the originality of thought, time and preparation, that the T value metric was not cared about about or maximized. It would seem that in addition to originality, a desire to maximize the score would have been desirous. Maybe true creativity is not concerned with acceptance? (ie a high score)Education: I learned through this interpretation of the assignment as compared with my own, that I could stand to dive in to the creativity aspect A LOT more. For example, using horse s, not just people s and looking up the definition of the words in the assignment to find a way to get the most out of understanding from different viewpoints.""This is so creative! It looks good, too. Making a true ""round "" was an act of  genius, and the execution is so very pleasing.I also like the interim picture; it gives a view of what's going on inside the structure, and very attractive it is. The  is built sturdily. The layers of color are well conceived.Having said all that, I  I would like to see more creative use of the spiked heels to give it a better sense of delicacy.All in all, this is a delightful  , and it taught me to  about construction and creation in a broader way. I also learned that it's possible for a person to own 61 s!I rate this at 7 for beauty and 8 for creativity."I really liked how you described your experience. Seems like so much fun and I appreciate the length and aesthetic of your  . I personally liked the way it looks and I can tell I am an aesthetic person. No need to be harsh on yourself. Definitely a good job! Thanks for sharing with us."I enjoyed your careful selection of s, with accompanying definitions of why each category was chosen.  Your categories demonstrate a careful ing about the facets of your life that you value, as represented by your footwear.I am curious as to your scoring of your  as a 10. This would suggest to me that you view it as a perfect finished product with no room for improvement. Is this so?  I find that with my undergrads (Disclosure: I'm a Professor) they tend to score themselves as 10  because they do believe that they have reached the pinnacle of accomplishment. However, from an external point of view they continue to be novices who assume a ""One and Mastered"" philosophy. This does not help their learning, as they then resist any feedback believing that they are perfection incarnate.I am not suggesting that you hold this viewpoint, only that I find it curious when anyone scores themselves as an ""8"" or ""10"". There is mastery in a moment, but it doesn't equal eternal mastery (if that makes sense)."What I did well in this exercise was build a pretty good  given the materials I had available.  Although I suspect not the highest, it was probably still a respectable .  One unique thing I did was rate the beauty of my  on the materials used, not the height or structural appearance.  One thing I would revise would be to perform more attempts -my goal as not to over  the exercise, but more attempts might have yielded some better results.  From the education perspective, I  the best was evaluating my peers.  I learned many creative ideas from studying another person's creativity.  Also, this self-evaluation allowed for another period of reflection."Hello. Nice work here, overall.  Your  itself reached a nice height, and it is nicely-placed and has pleasing symmetry (something you might have considered as you evaluated its beauty).  Your comments, too, are thorough and thoughtful--it is clear that you have considered your own process and strategies as objectively as possible.  Interestingly, it is only in revisiting your work after about a week away that I see some of the artistic merit in it.  At first, it seemed, as you said, ""all about the function.""  But in looking at it now, I can see a sort of pattern in the colors that I didn't see before.  I might wish that the lighter colors were on top (and really, that floral-print heeled sandal would make a lovely topper), but it is not, in retrospect, as homely as you might have thought.For future work, keep up the divergent ing approach, and try to maintain this level of fast-failure.  That seems to be working for you.  From reviewing your work, I have learned that you are harder on your own work than you need be.  (Even as I type this, I know that won't likely change...)  Your willingness to fail in private is useful; maybe try to be less fearful of failure in other areas?"I liked the simplicity of the idea and approach of building the . I also found gun the fact that the  seems to have been built in a wrporknenvironment (sign on the door:-). It is more than obvious that this is a female constructor/creator. I would aappreciate to know the T factor, but the height is not mentioned. Also, as an a engineer I would suggest building a more stable foundation as it seems that s are not evenly placed early on. Overall, good attempt with pleasant appeal. Well done!The fact that you used tall boots to increase your T score is a good tactic. I also liked the fact you removed laces from the sneakers to help with the construction technique this was an innovative idea. I liked that you sacrificed aesthetics for stability this is a unique aspect of your .  Next time if you keep more sturdy s, like tennis s and flat leather dress s near the bottom and gradually transition to lighter s you may raise your t score. I learned there are different approaches to this exercise from your photo. I made several attempts but I only made subtle changes to the same strategy.  Your effort taught me to try different strategies to maximize results. T hank you"Wow, you did a great job! Your design is pretty stable and reach the certain limitation. I would give this design 7 - 8 because you have tried different structure and you really make a 100 cm ! I won't say the color is perfect but that is the typical 'material' we can found. I wish i have as many s as you have to build them. ^_^I would suggest you take the picture on a clean background. And rotate the picture will also help. And definitely it is a good idea to use knee-boot as the building material. "It should be 65cm. I made a mistake on the number. I used very traditional way to finish the homework. I will give myself "revision"The structure itself is strong, stable, clean and simple.  The T value is high, but maybe more height could have been achieved--that was the assignment, to make as tall a  as possible--even if the T was lower.   The minimalist idea is unique, as many participants piled as many s on as possible.   Lesson: being different, taking risks is good!"Positive- I got a pretty high ratio because I did not use many sUnique-I really had to carefully balance the s because I didn't use manyRevision - I really  am not good at taking photos with a phone I guess I'm too shakyEducation-  every  has a different center of gravity even the pairs""Great job! I thought experimenting with the different  s was a great idea and comparing the   exercise to Jenga was brilliant. In addition, I really like the base (foundation) you created with each  - not only did you appear to have used less s it didn't seem to take away from the height. Unfortunately, I would have loved to have seen the measurements of each  for the ability to give more insight. "I  the final  is aesthetically pleasing, and I  the high T value you got is awesome! I  it was unique that you focused on a color scheme at any point. I don't really have any critiques, and from your method I've realized that I probably should have focused more on initial planning.  This submission was quite impressive to me. I like how this person explained how the different steps were taken to build this beautiful  . The colors used really made the  attractive. The hexagonal base and tying the s together with the laces was quite clever. I believe this  was engineered very well and also very creative. The shape, the colors, the balance...all were very nice. I'm also impressed with how tall you were able to make this . There was a lot of variety in the  and it was something I wanted to linger and look upon longer than others. It was creative and balanced. Good approach given the constraints on the  sizes.Description of the process you went through to build the  would have helped giving you better feedback.I liked the creative approach used for balancing, and involving your daughter. Good Luck!I liked the bridge effect you used in your ,also the thought process using the white s to top off your .  I  it is very interesting that most of us used our s in pairs, perhaps for continuity.  Your T value was not all that large because you were more concerned with being unique with two s and a bridge.  You did a good job and in my opinion your self evaluation is correct.  You are better than average.It is very interesting that you recalled what your professor taught in the class, which reminded me of the "creativity level in our Week 2 course material. I  it would be even better if you can provide more detail of your ing process, why you decided on this one, how you tried, failed and revised. Your in-depth description of your process was very well articulated and interesting to read.  Your  was impressively tall.  My only suggestion would be to use better lighting when taking photos - I would have like to seem the colors in a brighter light.  Finally, it's interesting how you went about your day and let your mind work on the project in the background, so to speak.I started out with a broad base so I was able to build a stable  . The s I chose are comfortable and reflect my active lifestyle. Some of the  s are very colorful. I saw other ways of combining  to add to the stability and to increase the height.I  I acheied a good T value. Using the boot as a spire for additional heigh without adding many s I thought was a smart move. I could have been more creative/thoughful about color and shape of the , however. I did learn ideas are sometimes harder to execute in reality than you might ."I  it's kind of original in design. Not sure if anyone else thought about stacking the s single file pointing upward.I like the unusual ing, and  it is visually interesting.Would have been better had i used more s, but balance was a problem.I learned not to just accept the first idea I have, and allow myself to re original concepts.""Positive: The design was simple and clever, very elegant. I would be surprised if many people surpassed your t score. I was proud of mine, and it was 4.2! Unique: I also  it was very unusual (in a good way!) to have a single column of s. My guess is that most people tried to start with a wider base, not realizing that it was possible to get some height with only a single  on the bottom layer. Revision: I  you could push yourself more to reach greater heights, literally and figuratively. I  one of the points of the assignment was for us to experience failure. It looks like you settled on one strategy and simply saw how high you could get it in  4 attempts (unless there are parts of your process that you did not report). If it is true that you came up with such a good idea that quickly, the idea is that if you struggled through some failures, you would eventually come out with a far more creative design. Also, it would be helpful if you gave more explanation for some of your answers-- or at least the creativity one. What made you rate it an 8?Education. I learned that I may have ""over thought"" my own attempt, as the simple one-column design never even occurred to me. I also learned that I don't know how to judge the beauty of a  . Either that or I am permanently predisposed to find old s unattractive!""Dear Classmate,Although you made five attempts and it took you an hour to build your , you achieved your goal, you didn't give up and that is what matters. Besides, you were already aware of what you needed; equilibrium, which was achieved regardless of having a narrow or wide base. Also, as far a being creative, you are already creative and you have comfortable s. Perhaps it is only a matter of acknowledging it to yourself. Creativity is not only about building a   with the s you have and loving them as they are yours, but how you live your life in general and how much you appreciate it. You stated you could have invested more time on ing on a taller  and a more beautiful one. This shows you are aware of yourself and you know you have great potential for more. Go for it. Having a mental image of what you want and focusing of the end result is very powerful. I am glad we are sharing this class together and to have met you through this exercise. "Very well reflected upon experience and very well written.  I liked your poetic flair: "describes how was and how is my life. Full of happy memories, and wanting go far away.. Step by step."  Very nice way of looking at your .  As a suggestion for improvement, I would recommend using a simple photo editing or graphic program to reduce the size of your image.  The file was so big that it never fully loaded in my browser, so I was only able to see the top 20% before the picture-loading timed out.  From what I saw, it was a very nice .  I found your metaphor for your life as reflected in your various s to be a very clever idea.I really like the color and special structure of your  . Moreover, I  you are so creative to go to  store to get extra s to build. I feel the experience itself is really inspiring to me. I would really want to hear more about how your audience reacted to your fantastic work!"At first consideration your comments are understandable but i don't  you give yourself enough credit for designing a stable yet interesting structure. I know exactly how you feel because I also achieved a low value. However look at how interesting the effect was created by placing the green soled  on its side. The bit of color catches your eye and makes you realize that the others below it are very uniform in their position. This emphasizes the green 's uniqueness. Also I find the  on the ground all by itself is a nice touch. You may not have meant to do this but it acts as an anchor. It says"" yes this  is on the ground! It's defying gravity. I'm not giving up. My  may look like this now but it can get taller and taller, if that's what I want.""I would rate your creativity more than a 5. Everyone has to deal with the physics and gravity, Your  may not be unusually tall but it has lovely compositional elements and creates design tension in your use of crossing each  in different  positions in different levels. Lucky you that you have so many s but I would have liked to  have more variety in your  selection to add some contrast. I do like that the darker s are at the bottom and that light ones are on the top."I have liked how the student got inspired by the T formula to use it in his . His description of the attempt was simple and to the point. In addition, trying again his project and not giving up was one of the main reflections of the course. So, he has shown that through failure he learnt how to be creative. Thank you for including the information about the Ceiba tree! It offered unique insight about you, your country and your vision for your  . I liked seeing some s standing straight up! What a challenge to keep them balanced. Congratulations for following the procedures of the experiment, while keeping the aesthetics in mind. Good job"That you used the Ceiba tree as inspiration for your   is marvelous!  Also, all the different ways that the s are stacked creates a very interesting and dynamic sculpture.  Perhaps if you had used the boots in the middle part (the fourth layer) or some other taller s in the middle you may have been able to get more height and therefore a better T value.  I love the color black, it's my favorite but, I wouldn't really call the   ""colorful"".  For future exercises I will take time to look around me and get inspiration from my surroundings, what a great idea that was!  "I thought I had a good idea of what a beautiful and meaningful   would look like; I was just unable to produce it.  I know that if I don't find a project interesting, I am not going to pursue it.  It is not a matter of fear of failure."I  it was very good to poll your friends on the beauty of the  with the app.  I didn't  of doing it and just came up with a guess on my own.  I  it's very hard to assign a numerical rating without s to compare it to.What I found interesting is that you didn't use that many s because you said you didn't have that many.  Would it have been possible to borrow some s from family or friends?  I don't  you could have done much more than what you did without more s.I enjoyed getting to see your  and it really made me  about how different our lives are.  I probably have 25 pairs of s so I had a lot more to work with!  Of course, I typically only wear 3 or 4 s at any one time.  I actually gave away two pairs after doing this exercise because I was feeling guilty about having so many s that I don't wear!  "Your  is terrific!  22 s in a  is a "feat", and a T value of 5 is very impressive.  You followed the old adage "If first you don't succeed, try, try again."  You were good to include your nephew in the construction, making it more fun than work.   The rain boots added height immediately, and the mixture of s gave stability and color.  Seeing other s on the discussion sites, I noticed that the tallest s used  laces to tie the s together for stability.  I  you were too critical of yourself for your grade.  I  perhaps a 7 or 8.  You tried different options, used other's opinions, and result in a very fine  .     "You are one of the more well-documented (I would say maybe even scientific approach of the two entries I reviewed) and your grading was well done too. I'm fascinated how each try only took you 15 minutes, but you also did a fair amount of trials, which is cool too.For me the most unique part of your entry was how you stacked s on their sides. I never thought of that, but it would distribute the weight more evenly because it takes more space. Also glad I'm not the only one who thought laces could be useful as stabilizers. I can't really  of any way to make the  taller, but maybe more aesthetically pleasing would have been to do some more alternation in colors down the bottom? It's all very dark soles down there. Again, I  the thought of putting the s on their sides was very innovative. I thought of using laces in my  too, but I didn't  to tie them AROUND the s fully. I like that idea better than what I did. "I Think you did a nice  it looks cool. With your explanation of the  development you took many different aspect into consideration were very is appreciated. Unfortunately, as I don't understand chinese I wasn't able to see all the links because they were all in chinese... to bad.  You could have giving your self a bit higher vote for the beauty of the . I don't  tips so bad and now that I been making one my self I know also the difficulty of the making.  "I really enjoy the photo - such an amalgam of s! I love how many s you gathered and how many different types. It's a true  melting pot. Secondly, the ability to keep that many s upright, even long enough to snap a picture, is impressive. This is many more s than I was able to use. I enjoy that you reached out to family for feedback on the . I reached out to my wife and she thought the whole assignment was a little nuts, so I wonder if you got the same strange looks.I notice that virtually all of the s are some degree of horizontal. This clearly offers maximum stability, but in terms of height, perhaps angling the s or making some vertical toward the top could increase the height. Also the distribution of  size and weight seems to be relatively random. Perhaps some starting with heavier s toward the base and working up to lighter s could make for a more stable structure? Overall, great job! "Using a single basement structure was difficult (based on my own experience.)  You seemed to find a way to keep all in balance.  Good job.  I liked your use of the "11th"  as a bottom buttress, to keep the  from toppling (I assume.)  The blue laced s added some nice glow of colour to your .  Based on how almost everyone else calculated the T-factor, you may need to halve your final T to an 8.  Each individual  counts as a , not one pair of s as a .  My final reflection:  I went in the opposite direction as you -- I first tried a  with a single base, but the boot base I used was not rigid.  Thus I went to the double base.  I was glad to see that your single base worked to still get some good height.  Congratulations.The   is attractive and interesting to look at, despite being mostly tennis s. The use of heels at the top provides an interesting contrast. There is opportunity for better height by using bigger s. Reflecting after seeing other results is helpful!Wow your  is has such great height. I wonder how high you could have gone if you didn't run out of s. You have a good grid type pattern going. My suggestion to you is to consider the aesthetic of the , if it was constructed against a different background it may pop more. Overall excellent construction.I  this   was an interesting submission. The s were stacked in alternating pairs facing each other, I came away with the idea of "hugging" each other. I have the impression that a subtle message is being conveyed by this  and I would ask the artist if it is indeed so. I believe the the artist went for durability over more flamboyant creativity and that was done in accomplishing the , with s. A good effort."Love the yellow s at the top!  As if for all of your trouble, the sun bursts forth at the pinnacle!P: A nice solid structure.  And square-ish, like some of the s I encountered in India on a recent travel holiday.  Looks like a slight breeze would leave it standing.U: Created entirely it seems from athletic s, with colors that are happy and pastel-ly, so they give your structure a lot of lift visually!R: Thinking that maybe using the Lego-Like techniques - toe into foot opening - at the top would show off the yellow ""sun"" s more and to greater affect!E: I love the simplicity of your architectural design.  What your submission tells me most is that creativity can be simple and direct and say just as much as creativity that is complex and intricate!"I love this when I saw it...defying gravity!  Glad I couldn't tell it was using a wall, since it would have greatly reduced the sense of defying gravity.  The boots on top not only added height, but gave a nice vertical line.  I liked the creative idea of using a wall, as long as it was invisible to the eye."It's amazingMany kinds of s from different family members. =DNice structure, but could adjust colours better =DIt's amazing work. 8/10 at least. =DI do not know where to put the grade though.... 8/10. ""First, I like the choice of fun s.  s that represent fun activities and warm experiences.I  the most unique part of the creation was to use all sort so s, not just sneakers or boots but baby s and slippers as well as boots for walking and running.The revision that I would make is to tie the boots with bows to make a happier feeling.I  that learning from my other reviews, was that srtuctures need movement and a sense of space.  That creativity flows over time and to have made the  earlier, then go back and make one a few days later.. having studied the picture of the previous attempts would have been a great learning experience"Well done in reversing the s and using some s to fill in the cracks in the layer before it. Very interesting to see the base working with three different s. Maybe stack a bit straighter next time for more symmetry and visual beauty. Also, the power cord under one of the s looks poised to destroy your efforts; make sure you clear your work area before starting. Definitely learned about stable s starting from a very wide base."I  my submission is thorough and comprehensive. I have a very good understanding of the process and the action steps to achieve this design. I also find it interesting that I included the feedback from others (husband) in my review.I  that the rating/grading was much more critical than other students seem to be. Moving forward, I will have to pay particular to this. (I really enjoy that we get to review our own work. A few days after the submission, it's nice to  of this project with fresh perspective. One thing that I will also take away is how this exercise has stayed with me...I  about it often at work and during my commute.)""Positive: Gives an impression of strength and being solid, like a mountain.  Unique:  Liked how both soles of s plus top leather surfaces were shown.   laces also added to texture and interest.   Shine from camera flash added glimmer to a few s.  Revision: Add some more dressy, delicate s for contrast.Education: Difficult to give feedback on my own submission.   I tend to be more self-critical and self-conscious.   More generous with others than myself.  ""The   looks very stable. The idea of Inukshuk is great inspiration.  You have to be innovative if you are using stones as a material in the real Inukshuk , I find that using the s instead is very creative. By having the blue and beige sandals more on upright or angled positions would have emphasizes the arm or body of the artwork.I find that we are inspired by our cultural heritage and surrounding environment toBe creative in anyway."First of all, I love the image representation of the  . Seems that a good amount of time was invested in its elaboration. An actual picture of the  would be better. I  you could have done a better , you are rating yourself very low. Always aspire for the most optimal results, no matter how small or significant the task given might seem. Keep up the good work and I look forward to your next project! What I really liked about this essay was it went into a lot of detail. What I found interesting about this submission is it was very honest. Even to the point of saying that you didn't have that much time to do it. A suggestion is to save future projects for periods when you have lots of time available. I learned how important and admirable it is to be honest from your essay. Thank you for the opportunity to read this.Your   is interesting because of the many styles and colors. By looking I see what appears to be 4 pairs of (or 8) s. I believe we were meant to count s and not pairs. You did not answer the last two questions.Your  sounds elegant and fashionable, I like how you mentioned that the  says something about the formality of your life. I would have loved to be able to see pictures of this , just to be able to put the two and two together. I was very impressed that you strived for beauty in your  and that you noted others could tell you have a professional job. I do  you took a bit of the safe road by building such a large base. With a little more experimentation you might have gone much higher! I would have LOVED to have seen a picture"Positive: I was creative and made a cool-looking  .Unique: This is very unique, I believe I stacked the s in a manner that allowed them to support each other.Revision: I should have used some women's s... the high heels and sandal straps could have allowed me to add in more s before falling over.Education: What I learned is I should have used more s beyond my own.  I should have taken some of my fiancee's s.  Fun activity though!""Congratulations on building such a nice  . I really like that you used a variety of ways to stack the s instead of staying with one way that worked. Your T-value is also good for a  119cm tall. It is interesting that you used the Eiffel  as a inspiration an a template to build your   it adds a whole new dimension to the creative process. I'm sure most people ( me included) were to concerned about building a stable  with a good T-value to consider using a real architectural structure as an inspiration.I would have liked to read about your building process in more detail especially about how you came up with the idea for the base of the  and how you got the black boots towards the top to stay in place (I'm still trying to wrap my head around how you did that). Over all it is a nice well executed project"Way to soldier through the project despite your initial technical difficulties.  These things happen.  What we do in response to these events is what can make all the difference. Great effort!  Wow, 332 s? Fantastic! You went all out!  Triangles were certainly the way to go with that type of volume as they are the strongest shape and I'm quite sure they were a factor in it being able to withstand that kind of weight. I would love to have seen a picture. I did notice by the way that your T score was a bit abbreviated. Your true T score value should be 0.5190092879256966 using the provided formula.  Also I would be careful to remain consistent with the prescribed measurement throughout all aspects of your project.  You went back and forth between standard and metric a few times in your descriptions. Not sure that breaks the rules, but it's just a good practice and  my personal observation.  After having the opportunity to review your project I realize that I was subconsciously limited as to the sheer number of s that I thought could be used. I wouldn't have even considered that someone could use that many! What else have I maybe subconsciously limited in my mindset?  Thought for me to ponder. Great work. I've enjoyed  your creative process.Well balanced and good T-value.  The pink/red sneaker adds great color, catches the eye and adds stability and height. I admire you for trying this with your baby.  That is a challenge in itself.  Stacking s on their sides was a unique approach and seems to work for stability. For more artistic flair I would add more s with color or alternate light and dark s to create stripes. I learned from your  a different stacking style and how one color/ can make the .  I  agree with your ratings.I could have got better results if I had made some more attempts. There is always room for improvement and every attempt would be an improvement. I have the ideas and creativity but need to give more time and effort to bring the best out. It was a fun project and the  looks good."I like that I got into the process, put thought into it and created and revised s.  I  the reflection is well written and descriptive.  Being more descriptive than the others I evaluated makes the submission interesting, and the story of the ying and yang s gives some uniqueness.I could improve by ing more outside the box instead of creating within the traditional realm.  I created with a method I preferred, playing with the s and balancing, over ing more creatively.  I learned that the T metric was a motivating factor for me in designing the , and that I worked to numbers, which is a pattern of mine.  I don't know if it made sense to show two s and select one with only two s."I loved how you built your  for maximum height - such a great approach!  I found it very interesting to read how your mind worked on the problem in advance of actually starting to build. Your picture was great - I did wonder however why the top boot didn't have its twin inverted like the others? I  what I learned from your posting is that I need to use the forum more for scoping out ideas :)I thought that your  had good symmetry to it, and I  you are overly critical of your  collection.  Mixing the strong white color at the bottom with earth tones further up was a nice touch.  I recommend trying alternatives to the one  all the way up method.  It does open potential for other possibilities.  Though I must admit I never thought of using a single line of s up.  Hence looking at yours was educational for me.Well after looking at others s I was very happy about the time I took in ing of possible options. You could tell some people gave it a little while then just made something work. Even with that being said Im sure I could have gotten a little higher. But Im sure week 2's lesson is going to help me use my growing creatives skills better in the future. So no worries :)Excellent. A well thought out approach and practical application with dimensions and weights that you used. I can appreciate your honest effort with 10 attempts, and hear your enthusiasm in doing this exercise with your family and taking into consideration their views. Would you practice this again in hopes of sparking other examples of creativity with the resources you have on hand? how would you change this assignment?"I was left wondering why you stopped with this version of your . You gave yourself a low score on your creativity. I hope that this experience can lead you to ask yourself probing question about the assignment. As I am a compulsive helper, I will share a few of my questions. Did you  the assignment was silly?Do you  that you could make a taller  with these same s?Did you speed through the assignment? (I did. But I'm now realizing the importance of the assignment better.)What would the consequence of building the  again while pushing the s to be taller?Thank you for sharing your experience and your  .  You have lovely s!"I find your use of the heels on the bottom to be interesting because it would seem that they shouldn't be able to hold the  but they do. The use of flat sandals to make the  grounded are effective. I  the different colors provide some sparks of interest. The pops of color also help distinguish the different shapes of the s which provides some depth and texture. The height of the 24 s is higher than I would have expected. I would suggest trying to go asymmetrical by separating the pairs of s so that they are not stacked next to each other, but rather they are scattered throughout the . Mess it up a bit. By separating the pairs you can look at each  and allow them to add they own flair to the artistry. I would say I learned that you do not need many s to get height. This  gave me some ideas that I would not have thought to do with my s. The perspective of the same  will elicit different responses from each viewer and I  this one will certainly get a reaction.I  you were successful and that it took only one try does not lessen your creativity. Your question is excellent, do we have to fail in order to eventually succeed to be creative. Personally, I don't  so. If we succeed and like what we've done and feel we've used our own processess to accomplish a task, then we are creative. My idea of creative will differ from yours, as well as others and therefore this project was a starting point to explore and expand our perceptions of creating something. You did the required task and met the goals; to me that is success. Your  looked great. I'd say that if success is achieved immediately on the first try, then WAY TO GO. "Positive - by building the s vertically you were able to get more height.Unique- By using fewer s you were able to get a high metric.Revision- By adding one or two more to the top you could have potentially increased the height. Education - I learned that quantity doesn't matter.  "First of all, I find your  very ascetic! The symetry and the flair at the top are very nice. This was a very unique design in that you created a 2 demensional flat design. From my experience, this was a challenging way to do this. The use of the thin s down the middle as a way to balance the two sides together added to the beuaty and order to this piece. I  you need to give yourself more credit for your creativity. You spent a bit of time upfront ing about your design and then went through your trial and error part. It takes creativity to imagine something without having your hands into the materials yet.  You also made something look good. Thanks for letting me see this piece, it is elegant and stylish, even though you only found two pairs of women's s with color. Have fun in class!This peer presents a very graceful, minimalist  . Being constructed of soft s - aka, slipper - the  achieves a graceful arc while remaining stable. The presentation might have been enhanced by photographing the  against a plain background. For my part, I learned that less can definitely be more when it comes to  s.Your   is attractive in its multiple shades of brown. You achieved a high T value which is great. Your certitude is very unique and formidable. I  you, and we all could benefit from the "frequent failure" method. I learned that if you believe in yourself and have the utmost confidence in your creation others will believe in your creativity as well. Good job!"Positive - What I already mentioned in the reflection.Unique = Using only two s and those being meaningfulRevision - Maybe I could have tried for a taller Education - already mentioned in reflection.I really did like seeing other people's s."I could have been a bit more creative in terms of the design of the . From what I evaluated fellow students of this course, I found that there is more creativity amongst them in atleast 2/3 people. Need to learn to be and  more creative.MOST excellent reflection! Not only did you use creativity to craft a  , you presented your reflections in a fun way. I liked the use of multiple images with captions. And your writing style was conversational. GREAT job!"Wow, you really tackled this exercise with imagination and verve! There's a story about adventure and creativity here that makes me want to do my   all over again.  I'll have to satisfy myself with approaching the next exercise with a more open mind.  It's hard for me to be a ""critical friend"", as the guidelines for feedback suggest, because on the one hand the directions of the exercise were to take measurements and have certain detailed information which you did none of, however, this IS a class about creativity and innovation so how important are the rules anyway, huh?  Being the reclusive kind of person that I am the discussion boards are too overwhelming, I feel that I would have to spend hours reading so many comments so, I only went on the discussion boards a little bit.  I  that has been a detriment to me and for the week 2 exercise I will make more effort to interact with my fellow classmates.  The little bit that I did go on the discussion boards opened my mind a lot, just  of how much more my mind would have engaged if I had spent more time there.  This   report was exciting and fun and in the future I will strive to be more creative, that's the whole point, right?  By the way, I have been infatuated with Australia since 1982, I hope to actually make it there some day.  "The   looks very nice, and the fact that you could get the height to 65 cm with 10 s is amazing, and it shows that you thought about how each  would contribute to the height. Also, using s that you personally like truly makes it unique to you. My advice is to just keep up the good work  and stay committed throughout this class. It helps to see how other people did with this exercise, and it motivates to keep improving, so thank you.I feel that I learned from my many attempts, as to what made up a stable  base and the various levels.  (I  I should have taken a picture of my tallest  -even though it had a low t-score.)  I  if there was no mention of t-score I would have aimed for a taller .  But I couldn't keep my mind off the t-score, which made me make a small structure with a super-high t-score. I feel I was creative in my ing, and that affected the height of my ."I like your analytical approach to the project and that you found the most efficient way to maximize your T-value. For me there is a beauty in the efficiency of it and that you neither waist time nor resources. I also  it is impressive that you realized the flaw in the way the T-value is calculated and tried to correct it. I agree with you on your evaluation for your creativity ( giving it a value of 7) but I  it is not necessary to give yourself a 3 for the building process. To me it doesn't matter in which phase of a project you apply your creativity it is more a matter of personal style and preference. Some people prefers to work out a project in their head firs while others need the hands on experience to get their creativity going. As for the beauty of your  I admit that there are probably prettier s out there but the fact that you manage to balance your  on a one  wide base makes it interesting. Also it seems like you made a conscious decision that the T-value was more important.Over all you seem to have a clear picture of your own strengths and weaknesses and you know how to use both to your advantage. ""I found it curious to read other's reflections and estimations of their effort. Both other submissions rated themselves as ""10"" for the beauty of their  - whereas I was far more critical. They also gave themselves 8's as being creative.  Now, they were both male and I do wonder about the effect of gender on self evaluations of this sort. "I really enjoyed the personal comments in the description about the thought process. I particularly found your wife's comments on the exercise to be interesting - and also that she wouldn't let you use her s! I didn't really understand your logic of why you gave yourself a "10" for creativity b/c you used your black s as a base; I would have appreciated a little more explanation there. In reviewing this and others' submissions, I've learned how differently our minds can work as evidenced by the different construction approaches taken."I  the main strengths of my  had to do with establishing a solid base of substantially sized s and then transitioning to using the lighter, more delicate ones at the top. laces and straps came in handy in stabilizing the . Clearly for me, the unique element of my  had to do with the fact that I managed to use 18 satin toe s, each nestled inside the one below it.I would have taken more time to see how many more s I could have pulled out of the pile at the base. I learned that the more time I spent and the more free my ing became, the more creative i got in rising to the challenge. I got into the ""zone"" and lost myself in the work. Mentally, it was a pleasure to be working in that space."I'm impressed with the shape in terms of height to width you were able to achieve. I found your trial and error on learning where the heaviest s worked best an interesting part of your project. I don't know what I do different. I enjoyed seeing you made your setting outside. I  I see you may have a pet since I see a cable laying in the grass. It would have been fun to see your pet. Perhaps that would have risked the   falling! I found I was very intrigued with the metric numbers. The competition is on! I didn't know I was that competitive, but I  you got a higher score.  Mine was 15/6.  We're close! Good Luck!"Unlike some of the s I have evaluated my  used the s shape and structure to try and build one upon the other. I did not pile s up by their soles but used the interior and exterior to try and develop a structure that would support as many s as possible.Being limited due to the number of actual s I have available, since I am on vacation, I  that overall the structure turned out much better than I had originally anticipated.What changes would I suggest? For this exercise if I had more or different types of s I might be better able to create a higher and more stable structure. Also after seeing how others deployed their materials I have learned that there may be other ways to support the  as it is being constructed."You have created a strong, stable, symmetrical --well done.  I also see a very lovely spiral-like curve that indicates movement, so, though your  is stable and strong, it isn't static.   I like that.  To get more height, you might have angled some of your s to fit inside others in a way that would still provide a stable structure.  I never considered the internal movement in my structure, and your  showed me another aesthetic element to consider."I  you really did a great job of capturing the pros and cons of making a tall  vs making a beautiful . I  your pre-planning and focus on beauty turned your  into something that could be a  maker work of art. :)Your design was very unique in the low number of s and the high number for T.What would happen if you made a more ""tradiitonal""   to build height and then put something like this on top for the beauty?I was really educated by the different approach that you took. If I were making another   now I would definitely try something like your henge on my ."After I got to see other projects, I fell I give myself a too higher score at how beautiful my  was. If I was able to re it I would say I deserve 4 at that criteria. My rate for creativity I  was fair, but I forgot to mention what value I want to pursue which I guess it's 8 or maybe 9."Wow! Loved your eclectic display. It showed your uniqueness and willingness to step outside of the box. This quote truly captured the essence of your display: I realized the basis of the  wasn't stronger enough so I intended to replicate the Eiffel 's style but with a square basis. It seemed like a better idea than the one I had before; when it started to incline to a side I had to remove the s up to the point it started to fall. At one point I took a step back, took a photo and realized my  had a curve, so I removed some of the s and fixed the ""breaking point"". I have learned the desire to want to do better is within all of us. Your eagerness to try something different when the first option failed delineated that you were able to capture your constructivist voice in your project once you redesigned your s to fit your purpose. Thanks again for sharing!KimberlyLive Long and Be Creative"It is well done, a nice tall standing structure. The concept of one  into another is a good idea. The idea of starting with the heavy s at bottom is a logical approach, but it seems the structure just fell into place by chance, not by logic. The idea of Eiffel  is good, it would be better if that concept were implemented.  Brilliant submit and out of the box - you did wellDescriptive area was excellent - I could imagine it with my eyes closed if you hadn't submitted a photo.  All other areas seem in line with the picture.  My only suggestion would have been to imagine the bottom of the   a bit differently, allowing for a different  shape. I am pleased that my  had height, structure and design.  It was much less "chaotic" than that of my first peer evaluation, yet much less simple than that of my second peer review, which surprisingly used only 6 s, was only 9cm shorter than mine and had a much, much higher metric score.  I was so concerned with getting all of my s to balance harmoniously that I never even considered using less s to achieve the same objective."The strengths:  color scheme very good, symetrical, only s used.  Unique:  pyramid shapeRevision:  value missing on calcuation.Education:  I believe it is a necessary step to do a ""peer review"" to help understand the grading process."I really liked the use of female s because of all the color they provided.  The pink s on top was a nice touch. The tour also appears to be very stable.  I found it interesting that, near the bottom of your , you appear to have a pair of sandals or flip-flops.  I would  this flat base helps provide stability to the rest of the , yet you still gain some elevation by putting it over other's s.  I noticed that your 's only method for achieving height is to stack s on top of each other. I wonder if you tried other methods besides stacking.  Might you have been able to get a higher ?  Would other types of s, if available, also provided different possibilities for  construction.  Might more attempts also have yielded some different options?  Overall, something I learned from your  was how the s you picked really added a nice creative element to the 's appearance."Providing two s was a wonderful idea and demonstrates your tenacity and enthusiasm for the project.  While  1 wins the T factor, my preference is your  2 for its graceful balance.  I agree with your reflection on including more colorful s to add to the s beauty. But of course that depends on what you have in your closet.Your effort to provide two s teaches me to take the extra step in the assignments. Go beyond what is required.  Thank you! "I applaud to you on the fact you were able to get so many s around your house:)Clearly, you are a very creative by nature. Your  seems very strong and solid, simply a good job.  Your strong will is my inspiration.I  yours was good because you put lots of thought in to getting the  to stand and keeping it up.  What I found interesting was that you did east to west, east to west etc. and it was a very interesting theory.  I  that if you were to redo it that you should, maybe try another theory, just to see if that would work.  I got a great understanding on how to build a free standing  from your abstract.Enjoying and having fun is part of the creative process, as it allows the brain juices to flow. You apply a method (determining how many s and trying several options with measurement) finally deciding on your best approach. Well, beautiful and solid is not necessarily the same thing, but I consider that all artisits deserve to have their own opinion on the artifacts they build. I wonder if you had additional s how taller it may go. My takeway is that creative process is on the eye of the beholder. "I  the most difficult thing is keep the s stand straight and balance.Very good job!"This looks like a simple, practical design. While my  fell over a half hour after I finished building it, it looks like yours could keep standing for days. I  this a fine example of having a workable solution in mind and pursuing it.You may have been afraid to fail, but by acknowledging this failure at failing, you should next  about the consequences of this choice. The consequence of choosing not to fail was that you won't know if you could have made a better .  If you did try over and over to make a better , what would the consequences have been? Would your s be angry? Would your lamp judge you?  Could you have made a better, or taller, or more beautiful ? "I  your   is one of the most interesting to look at that I've seen on the forum, and I know it's tricky to balance them all like that. I also agree that making it simple increases the beauty. The way you used the slippers as a more solid base for the top peak was an excellent idea. Also, I  you were very successful in combining both requirements: T score and beauty.I was surprised that you didn't try many other ways before you decided upon using this one.From your submission, I've learned that the simpler, the better! Thank you!"Honestly after seeing other s I would believe that mine is pretty nice and even increase its rating. That  base looks pretty cool, the only thing I would maybe change is height(taller).  "Your final submission reminds me of a Jenga  (Jenga is a game played with small rectangular wooden blocks). I laughed because I had considered building my own  in a similar manner, but chose a different final model.What were some other patterns you considered?  Why did you consider yourself a ""powerful man""?Does your assessment of an ""8"" mean that you feel that you are already a very creative individual?"The boot on top was definitely the highlight of your .  You demonstrated logic building your base.  Overall, the goal was accomplished.  As you mentioned, some more color would have added to the pile but, the boot made it the skyscraper  .It's nice and solid but kind of clunky. By simply stacking them, you couldn't use anything that wasn't flat on top and bottom, high heels for example. Maybe you tried that but it would have given you more height. You're also hampered as to color by what s you have. This is pretty monocrhomatic.In hindsight, I  I was a little hard on myself regarding the creativity of my . I  I need to be less self-critical of myself. It wasn't the tallest  out there, but it was sturdy and fairly symmetrical.I liked the creativity used and the need to obtain the greater T value. Good Luck!I felt his design was very creative and art like.  I felt his design was very unique. I liked his use of scientific language. He talks nicely about stability  and symmetry and  why he used few s. I would like to see a little more detail in the process stage. It would be interesting to see what he started with and how he got to the final stage. I learned about using scientific language in my evaluation. I  learned I could probably use more.Now that I've seen other people's work, I'm actually happier with mine.  Not that it was perfect, but I  it best reflected (of what I've seen) what I interpreted the spirit of the project to be.  I  my project was actually about a 8+ at this point.  It could have had more height.  I know with more time, and perhaps better control of my children, my  sculpture could have broken 200 cm.  But I'm not sure the T-number would have done any better.  Just 200 is a nice big number.  I really wonder what the tallest one was.The strength of this submission was the height of the  achieved. 2 words come to mind after looking at  this  - especially after evaluating other s. The two words are - "slim" and "tall". Uniqueness - height achieved with the number of s. I would tell myself to me more creative next time. i learned that I can achieve small creative wins by ing and investing small quality time doing things that are different than my normal projects. I did a good job!I really like the overall organization. The s are in order by pairs and very straight and methodical. I like how the perspective was unique ing about how you wear these specific pairs throughout the day.  Very unique. I would suggest perhaps a higher T-fomula by trying to add more s as well as maybe photographing the failures to see what went wrong when looking at the pictures.  In close I thought this was a great try on the assignment, the fact that the stability looks strong and's organized shows a good reflection of my personality."Your  is really tall. More than 1 meter tall is hard to get and specially with running s. Color distribution looks also good. T value is also good. Interesting to rate a submission only with running s.I  you could get better results even including some s of other type, providing more solid base and maybe growing your  a few centimeters more.It was very interesting rate this . I liked the structure built with the running s, the great height got and a good T rate.""Positive. I  that I got into the spirit of the assignment far more than the peers that I evaluated. I tried several different strategies and had many failures, from which I learned to come up with my most successful design. I even experienced significant frustration and was tempted to quit, so I saw the benefit of fighting on through the failures.Unique: My use of individual s inserted into each other and tied together to make -blocks was interesting and unusual.Revision: Honestly, for all of the effort I put in, the  was not particularly high. I did run out of steam at the end when I had trouble getting that sixth layer on top. I settled for 5 when I might have been able to get two more layers on.Education. I learned that I still suffer from overconfidence at times, as building a   is harder than I thought it would be. I also learned that I  I do work hard. At least, I  I worked harder than the peers that I evaluated.""Your T score is 2X mine,  Your  appears very balanced and you seem to have accomplished your intent of building a firm foundation.  Your one attempt demonstrates that your building technique yielded the intended result.Itis unclear what your overall goal was so I am unable to offer feedback whether or not you achieved your intended goal with one attempt.  I suggest providing more disclosure regarding your objectives approaching and completing the assignment.  I would have liked to know more about the challenges you encountered in building your .  Your submission taught me that you can achieve a sturdy  with less s.  i used 54 s and thought I dd not have enough. "Your  looks sturdy and well thought out. I  you used your s in a thoughtful way. I do not feel it to be very visually pleasing or having any aesthetically pleasing aspects. Using what is in your closet limits the choices, but more color would be nicer. It seems as if your goal was height and structure which I believe you pulled off.  "When I first saw your picture, I thought, ""This is a really beautiful   especially in terms the aesthetics of using all one kind of really nice leather s."" It would have gotten an 8 or 9 from me in terms of beauty. However, as I looked at the picture more and read your description, I realized that, in fact, you had not built this out of actual s. You were certainly creative in terms of trying to complete the assignment while away from your home. I recognize the limitations of being on vacation and not having access to a lot of s. However, I would have liked to see you go through this exercise using real s, even given the limitations you have. Perhaps, you could ask your friends on vacation with you to contribute their sandals and slippers, or ask for help of all the people on the beach with you, or even go into a  store to see if the owner might let you make a   as a display. I'd like to see how high you could actually build a   using sandals, suspecting that there will be lots of challenges because sandals are slippery, have a low profile, don't have structure, and don't have laces to help bind them together. Can you prove me wrong?In summary, I am hard pressed to give you PURE feedback on the exercise. I love your concepts and philosophical discussion but want to see you translate these into something concrete.By the way, I lived in Greece for about a year and a half - and loved it. I have enjoyed many Greek beaches and found the Greek people very warm and welcoming."This   made me  of a flower, it had a solid shape and great color, well thought out.  The report could have been more flushed out, instead of just the basic facts it would have been nice to have complete descriptive sentences.  Although I  my report was a bit too wordy,  I do  that sometimes more can be better.  The structure of this  reminds me of a christmas tree. It is very pleasant with many different colors and s of all sizes. This looks like a very stable . I would be interested to see some of these s used vertically to give the structure an interesting look and perhaps a higher T value. I really like how the whole family is represented in this  , with the children's s on top as they are the heart of the family.I am impressed by the height of all three s. The first  is my favorite. The base of that  is most impressive. Because it does not touch the floor completely, it maintains a sense of precariousness. That's cool. I  that the  could have been even higher if a simpler base was placed on manila and black s on the top instead of the flip flops. Of course, that would be hard to execute; but it would be worth a try. In the future I won't be so reserved in the making of my own base. You've inspired me.  Try entering the exercises with a child-like enthusiasm.  I mean, put aside any thoughts and just be in the moment.  You have s, you have gravity, and you have this moment to make something.  I loved your submission! The first thing of note is the fact that you chose to submit a black-and-white photograph. Secondly, the position/angles of the s was a good  of creativity. A word of personal advice: don't sell yourself short on your creativity. You did a fabulous job. Your assignment gave me a little more insight on how to aesthetically frame the creative process, and that height isn't always about the quantity included but the ways of organizing it.Love the way you describe your various attempts, one by one, detailing the effort and output achieved in each one of them. I find the fourth attempt to be quite interesting and cool. I would recommend trying something more unique, like adding a shape or something next time. Your submission made me understand that the most important thing in the process is the fun you get out of it and using failures as motivation to continue and eventually get better results."My favorite part about your  is the bright pink pink topper.  It looks like it is resting on a pedestal and it nearly glows surrounded by dark colors.  I find it interesting that you used a base of three s.  I myself am a fan of symmetry and  could not bring myself to separate my pairs... It seems like you were able to achieve a pretty solid foundation in this way. I agree with your statement that value cannot be measured by effort. In my experience some of the worst things come to be after a lot of time and effort was invested.  I challenge your comment about adequacy and future  s. Whatever effort was put in or whatever was taken away from the exercise most certainly will not be applied to the building of another  .  However, who knows what could come of striving for the best when taking on even the most menial or silly tasks?  Happy innovating."I enjoyed seeing your  ! I beg to differ with you about creativity, as I believe you were quite creative to  of inserting the sandals the way you did. Your  almost looks like it defies gravity, and that is exactly what makes it very visually appealing to me. The boot on top is very cute, too. Your approach is unique, and I'm guessing the same is true about your other creative endeavors. Don't sell yourself short! Also, I encourage you to avoid judging your own creative efforts by what you see from others. I hope you will return to painting solely for your own enjoyment. Don't worry about how creative you are or are not. Just enjoy and see what comes. You showed me another way to approach the problem, which I appreciate. I'm glad you are taking this class and hope you will stay open to finding your creative spark. :)"What an innovative submission! A circle! I found your concept quite interesting. I do wish, however, that you took a photo of your work...even if it was unfinished. The polished stock photo shows an interesting concept, but I want to see your work.I did find your submission innovative and interesting. I also found your writing style entertaining."I like that you went for balance as a design goal, but not perfect symmetry. With s from the whole family, I feel like it's a statement about the structure of the family reflected in s, with the kids  at top of course, because all kids  they're the pinnacle of the family. If you had placed the wedges vertically you could have gotten a higher T, but it would have distorted the aesthetics.Logical structure, well thought about before constructing. Nice photo angle as well. No critical comments. Learned patience"The first thing I have noticed was the homogeneity of the . All the elements matched each other perfectly. When you are looking at this  you immediately start ing of a mountain hiking or, at least of doing an additional aerobics class!I liked the purity and clearness of idea. This  is a real , not just a boring pile of s. The description with technical details was also very impressive.The task was done great and there is nothing to criticize except the presentation of the results. The photo is too large and slightly fuzzy, so the observers cannot take the whole pleasure. I would like to thank the author not only for a great , but also for an example of a self-confidence  I suppose, 10 points for both scales are not very common."I believe that the submission described the unique features of the  well, as well as the evolution of the  over time. I also  this is unique by the spire at the top -- most other s were flatter. I  the picture could be better next time, and the  may be more beautiful. I learned that I am more creative than I thought!"This   is looking great! It looks sturdy and creative. I really like the mix of orientation of the s.The width of the  is interesting. I  that helps to give a unique look.Only thing I would suggest for improvement is to maybe have tucked in the laces for a cleaner look. But who am I to comment on a  ."Excellent  from a material sensitive perspective. You were limited in s but made the most out of it. The structure is unique in the comparison to modern structures that have actually been created.Maybe if you had alternated s by color you could have gotten more definition and depth of the eye-mind correlation. You gave me a different perspective of how I could have personally approached the project."Positive: first thing that I noticed was that less number of s has been used and a long  has been built out of it which is commendable. Great job!!Unique: the way all the s have been tied with  laces and held vertically is so unique and impressive.Revision: I would suggest that it would have been a lil more beautiful to look at .in an aesthetic sense.Education: I  my creativity grew larger by reviewing this assignment. I got a new idea out of this   and I feel I can make a better   than what I made previously in my assignment. I felt I can make lot of changes in my old  after reviewing this. Also the uniqueness in each assignment is different. So lot of ideas springin up on my mind.""The  is nice, simple and colorful.   T value of 4.97 is so good and it is because of the simple and straight ing here   Very appreciable.Uniqueness to me is focusing both on tall and beautiful structure.   It satisfies both criteria.   Excellent.Student could have done more trials to make it taller.   Could have figured out how trying to create a tall structure affects aesthetics and otherwise.   This could have helped to create much better structure or at least learnt more from failures.I personally was focused more on the tall structure and then sprinkling the aesthetics in between and hence the focus was more on being tall.   I learnt on the ways to balance out on both ends from this exercise."My  had the greatest T value  by far compared to my co-students. This "evaluation" is a joke."I  the creator of this   did his best, given he does not own beautiful s. I  he has managed to achieve a level of beauty in his   despite the fact that the s used do not look particularly fancy.The most unique aspect of this submission is the simplicity of the  . The person who created it has achieved stablity and a level of creativity with a minimum number of s.I  that the creator could have attempted to achieve a taller   by using more s. However, this assumes he has more s at his disposal.I  this submission is a great example for how beauty and simplicity go hand-in-hand. This   does not have many s, however, it is easy on the eye. What the user lacked in variety of s, he made up for in the arrangement of the s. His   achieved stability and beauty through a creative arrangement of s.  "Thank you for completing this assignment.  You answered each question or task. For future assignments,  consider having someone proofread to ensure that English grammar is correctly used. Also, when possible,  provide more detail. I was impressed by the attempt to create a stable base or foundation for the higher up s, it seemed that the foundation of this   was clearly stable.  From a design perspective, I thought it interesting as well that we went from a monochromatic palate of only black s to becoming more colorful at the top, which had a sort of beauty.  I would recommend that you look at the s that could have been removed (ie. two s hanging from the sides) while maintaining height in order to improve your T value.  I also believe you are a bit harsh with your self-criticism, I saw beauty in the color change from dark to light and thought you put real thought and effort into the exercise. "Quote: I finally built my  after eleven attempts with four revisions because l wanted a perfect design that will actually look more like a  with a roof, stairs and windows. Your persistence paid offyou were able to create the image you wanted along with gaining a balance and understanding of the concepts behind the design. In Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl his book describes these experiences and then his approach to therapy (logotherapy), which is based on his assumption that our deepest desire is to find meaning and purpose in life. I now believe that Frankl's striking ability to surmount his concentration camp experience was due, in part, to a an unusually strong genetic predisposition toward hope and optimism and ability to be creative with the circumstances he had before him. Your picture reminds me of working with what you have and from that emerged a life of positive emotions, engagement, and meaning. It also reminded me of being in the flow As you know, ""flow"" is the state in which we are so completely absorbed in a task that we barely notice the passage of time. According to Csikszentmihalyi (and the research he presents), the more challenging, flow-inducing activities we can introduce into our lives, the happier we are. Among other excellent books by Csikszentmihalyi is Finding Flow and Creativity. He also wrote a book with Howard Gardner and William Damon called Good Work that explores what it means to do socially responsible, excellent work.Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1996). Creativity: flow and the psychology of discovery and invention. New York: HarperCollinsPublishers.Frankl, V. E. (2006). Man's search for meaning. Boston: Beacon Press."The picture came out a lot better than originally thought. I found it interesting cause the project itself was interesting. I could've  spent more time on the project. From this project I learned how important it is to devote myself wholeheartedly to whatever I do."You did a good job of problem solving and achieving optimal height with the limited number of s owned. Although it would have been helpful to scan the forum for pictures submitted by others, I also  it would have influenced my creativity.Overall, I was very surprised and happy with my creativity as I don't  of myself as a creative person"I actually like the monochromatic look that you have; it looks intentional, and allows me to focus on the structure rather than getting distracted by color. Your building pattern is a lot like building a fire, and I can see every single  used and count the 16, even though it's got some depth as well as height. I don't know if there's any other way you could have built this with the s available, and while I know I'm supposed to make suggestions for improvement, I can't  of anything other than perhaps camera focus. You've illustrated how grayscale can actually enhance form rather than occlude it, and I had forgotten that until I studied your ."I  your assessment of the beauty is understated.  If you look at the base and the careful stacking of the s, I see a stable symmetry that  indicates a basically sound design.   This is somewhat frustrating because the s are imperfect building blocks with very limited options - even if you have women's s available.  The fact that you made multiple attempts and revisions is exactly the right approach when you are doing something for the first time.    Thomas Edison made 1000 attempts to build a light bulb before he was successful.   As you have proven, you can succeed if you try. As you point out, black is just black and doesn't have much color.  Sometimes a single color is elegant.   Your design doesn't have that type of visual eye candy.  If you focus on the kind of symmetry you have achieved and the s almost seem to wind around in a barber pole fashion, you can see a  beauty that doesn't need the color.If you were doing this again, you might consider using the  laces to tie the s together to stiffen the base.   Maybe you could get rid of a  or two there - maybe let you add one more to the top Looking at this , I am reminded that going with the status quo of the  sole goes on the floor, isn't always the best approach.  to boost the height, the  needed to have a tall base.  Either you have tall s or you stand the s up more on the toe.   I commend the submitter for his efforts, with all the things going on in his life, he manages to take time to take this course and actively participate.   I  I am busy but this submitter has me beat.""Hello Jingwei,First, I appreciate your thoughtfulness and consideration of the requirements for the   Assignment.  Your attention to the color scheme is most wonderful.  I believe you met the criteria for the assignment by your attention to height, the fact that it is free-standing, and that you considered color in order to make it more beautiful.I enjoyed seeing your unique T formula added to your photo and I love that you made a color schema in addition to showing your work in photos. I don't know if it was intentional because you didn't mention it, but the way the soles are patterned create a nice texture along with the upper constructions of the s.  Well done!I wonder if you considered the soles of the s in your aesthetic aspect of your design.  I  that you did a great job, even if unintentional, of having the soles play a part in the beauty of your structure. I learned from you that I could have also considered the soles of the s as contribution to beauty (aesthetics.) I also learned from you that it was enhancing to see your T formula along with the s themselves. Seeing the graphics that you added to your work made me  that I could have easily done that, too. I was only ing of the given criteria. After seeing your completed work around your   I see that I could have had more of a strategy to begin.  Thank you for sharing your work! I learned from you :-)"Congratulations on completing the exercise. It is interesting to know that you took 18 attempts, got a high T-value and still feel it is not good enough. I  you are being too hard on yourself. I would rate your creativity level to at least 6 and up."Hello!  Nice .  Particularly, the use of your child's crocs to serve as fillers in the gaps is a thoughtful solution to a problem that plagued my own !  (I had many tumbles as a result of unfilled gaps...)  Too, your process seems logical, and I can appreciate your balancing of time devoted to the task and effective use of resources.  In your comments on creativity, you seem pretty focused on the effort you put forth, and maybe less on the creativity, per se, demonstrated in the product...do you  that is a ""real"" correlation?  I guess I am asking if you  creativity value necessarily decreases along with the time/effort expended in any particular project/task.  How many fast failures would you have had to experience before you were comfortable giving yourself a 10 for that question?  So.  It's hard for me to suggest improvements to your , really, since I don't know what you had in the way of addtional resources (athough I know you have a wife, and presumably she also has s, so you could maybe have incorporated some of those?).  One thing I do notice about your  is that all of the s are horizontal.  In that configuration, each layer only adds a couple of inches (sorry, I  in inches) to the  height; you could have gained quite a substantial increase in the top layer just by tenting those slides (the blue ones, in layer 3/4) at the top, in a kind of parapet.  Just a thought.I enjoyed seeing your project, and reading your comments.  Thanks for being part of this process."It was constructed well, pleasing to the eye and tall! If I could improve it would be to add different types of s. I admire the patience it took to build this impressive structureAwesome ! It really is very colorful. I thought the way you stacked them was very creative. It looks like a very sturdy structure. Your responses to the questions were also very detailed and easy to understand. It looks great, but in terms of suggestions, maybe you could add a couple of your fancier s  on top to make it taller and add a little bit of glitter :) It was impressive how many times you tried and I am inspired by your creativity!"This is a very interesting approach to the exercise. You concentrated on using the length of the s (rather than their height) to create the height of the . This is certainly a more economical approach to getting tall s with fewer s. (In contrast, for example, my index was 110 cm / 45 s). Your  reminds me a bit of the Eiffel  in the sense that it has a broader, but somewhat minimal, base supporting the narrower structure on top of it. The  is airy, balanced, and symmetrical. I would rate the beauty of the structure ""architecture"" an 8 or 9.  However, for the  as a whole, I would probably give it a 6 or 7 for beauty. Somehow, for me, tennis s are not very beautiful, and they detract from the ""beauty"" of a really wonderful structure. Here are some other things that I am wondering about:1. Could you have built it higher using the same technique or did you reach the maximum height? For example, suppose you turned the s on the third level outward, to look like the level below and had done all the higher levels like this. Could you have gotten the  higher?2. Did you try it using something other than tennis s? Did your technique require using tennis s because they are made with rubber, canvas, and ties? If so, perhaps it would be fun to  how to modify the technique using other types of s.3. I like your use of the strings for stabilizing the . (I had thought of using them on my structure but didn't come up with a good idea on how to use them.) How necessary were the strings? You didn't mention that. I definitely agree with your 8 for creativity. I'd be interested to try some of your ideas with my own approach to see what comes out of it."I really admire how you can build such a tall  in a relatively short amount of time! It is truly astonishing! The colors of the s really complement each other and exude an air of sophistication, and I love the shimmering glare of the light at the top of your . I feel like you can add a little bit more detail in you description about how you managed to construct this  by explaining a little more about how you fixed the collapsing  and what design you used to make your  successful. This can really help the reader picture what was happening as you were in the process of constructing you amazing ! By observing your feedback, I now realize that I did not pay much attention to the math section while I was completing it and did it completely wrong! I hope I don't get counted off for that! And I also hope you do very well on this project!I liked your idea of using a central piece and stuck it with s"I am so very glad that the photo was sized correctly! It didn't look like that in the preview!The   is unique in the amount of s used and the general beauty of the s themselves.I feel that improvements/experiments could have been made regarding the surface that the  was constructed upon. (I feel that I could have built it higher had I built it on my Tempurpedic bed.)I learned that failure in this instance was okay.""Your  looks very sturdy and yet it has an element of the impossible because of the angle of some of the s. The top is beautiful. I am so glad that you added the bird's eye view.  I found the triangle concept quite unique. The pointed s at the top give it the look of a triangle topper. Using two triangles to create a hexagon was a great idea, I agree with you that it would be good idea to start earlier. Sometimes when we  about a design too much it is hard to get started. You have some great ideas.  What if you got an idea and instead of perfecting in your mind you just built the structure and let it actually fall to lead you to the next step.Providing feedback helps me to  about my own work an my approach to creating something. I often get stuck in ing about something to the point where it hinders my actual creation."You earned a very high T-value on this  so well done there! It was the highest I saw in the entries I peer reviewed. Your  was also unique in that it only had one column. The others I reviewed used different techniques. In terms of improvement, I would like to see more "beauty" in this submission. It also doesn't "look" creative since it it just one column going straight up. It was really interesting to create this  and also see examples from others. I like seeing the variety and also the people who did make their s look beautiful. Beauty can be found anywhere."Your description of your  gives an insight to yourself. I am impressed that you were able to get five s to stand upMy metric was 3 ish with 22 s. You got the most with less.I would have liked to see a picture of the s. Be proud of your accomplishments no matter the size.I also looked at my  and thought it could be better but, what is there that can not be better. everything I have every been in contact with could be better. But, what is better? Maybe there is only different!""Thanks for your contribution.  It is an honor to have the opportunity to comment on your .  It is refreshing to see your minimalist point of view.  I believe yours reflects what is most important to you.  You are active, you like comfort and you are a fashionista :-)I would say that there is so much more to you and I would love to have seen yourf first  vs your last .  That would have been a great story to tell and to see the variety and diversity.  It was so cool to know you included your children.  SO did I - It was a blast!!!Just like you, I want to let my kids inspire me and help me to get back to my creative nature.  We are all creative but we ket life get in the way.  I wish you much luck in the course.  Happy Thoughts!!!"I answered all questions. I liked my use of headlines. I could have inserted more details."The level of detail in the description of the process is strong. I understood the thought process, action steps and the need to re-evaluate that process as the active creation started.  It was also interesting to hear about the amount of time spent ing about the project (a couple of days.)I would have liked to hear more about *why* you chose to use your wife's  when talking about the beauty of the submission. It would have been helpful to understand the thought behind the numerical scores a little more as well. Maybe provide a little more detail in the weeks to come so that the audience can have more insight into your work. "Creative approach was used.  Could have used more s to make the "Totally great!  Love the picture, too.  P: Your   is neat and orderly and reached a very good height.  And it's really -like, that is, it looks like a .  Plus, you used s and not boots to give your structure height.  I like that the center is hollow, also -like.  U: What you created is unique to you because only you have the s you have and only you have the vision for what out of your s a   might be.  I  I want to say that the overriding characteristic is that you   is smooth.R: Wondering whether you might have joined your s as you did at the top - toe to foot opening - to give you variety and height.  that's a tradeoff, of course, of the type of s you have and their makeup regarding stability, but it's a thought.  Perhaps diverting from the true concept of a  like many of our fellow students have gets you more height.E: I just love how orderly your  is and that it stands tall!"It seems like you tried to apply some logic while ing about how to go about building your  , and then later realized that typical building theories might not work because s are irregular.  I went the other way, I started with boots (for height); I had high boots with floppy legs so I filled the legs with flat s for more height.  It was great that you got feedback on the beauty of your  ; I had to estimate that myself.  I  that you also were not so focused on the ratio of number of s and the height.  For some reason, I was."I  your  was of a respectable height and also aesthetically pleasing. I especially liked the baby  at the top. It did use a lot of s in what I  is a reasonably conventional stacking pattern, but the overall height and look were good. Through marking your submission I have seen how effective a conventional stacking pattern can be. Well done.If I had to grade your , I would give it 8.5/10. I really liked it. "I loved reading the process you went through.... I felt like I was there! I'm glad you realized that it wasn't the amount of s you had available, that really any number could work if you got creative. Your metric value is actually 7.62 because it is the number of s total, not number of pairs, but it is still a good score. Maybe next time you are doing a creative assignment, try to leave yourself a little more time to try some different solutions. I found the process very fun and I knocked down several "good" s to try and make something totally different. Glad you had fun with this in the end! Nice job!I found this assignment to be fun and silly at first. I was asked by my husband what I was doing and had to repeat the phrase "building a  " and "it's my assignment for class" multiple times. Then he asked me what the purposeful of the assignment was and I had no answer. I finished the  and posted my submission, but still didn't understand the purpose of the assignment. I watched the videos in the Idea Cloud and the office hours and still no idea about why we did this. I knew I needed to integrate the fast failures that I heard about and that my goal was creativity. Due to the inevitable calculation of the T value, I pushed myself to make the  taller. But it wasn't until I read the responses from my two peers that I understood the purpose. We were building a   to see how willing we were to push ourselves creatively by doing something odd and unusual. There was no reason that I need to add the last pair of s. I even took a picture before I did, in case it didn't work out. I also never let my  completely fall, the first few layers remained unmoved the whole time. What was the purpose? I made a   to push myself creatively and couldn't have done better. "I like that there were three different colors and it made the  appealing to the eye.The uniqueness comes from the fact you went from a sport  to a casual  to a dressy  as the crowning glory.The only change I would have made was to not have all the clutter from fallen s to bathroom items in the background, because it does distract from your .I learned you do not like deadlines, but have the ability to push yourself if need be.  ""Looks good and look also you had limited resources, not too many s, and also you have a good T value. I liked how you optimize resources to get height in your . Remember, experiment, fails are mantra for creativity and innovation.I  you needed also to dedicated more time to experiment other ways and maybe get more s ""Given the time you spent and the number of attempts you made, you seem to have really put effort in this exercise, so thats really good.Whats really unique is the number of s you used in your , 26 is a big number and you managed to use them all in a single .I would suggest you attach more importance to the aesthetic design of the : the shape could easily be more elegant and colors would have made it more appealing. The background of the picture is also quite messy; I  you should not ignore/neglect the presentation of the .Also, I am not sure you really got the T value purpose. I believe we were supposed to use a minimum amount of s and build the tallest , so this would result in having a high T value. Your T value is very low given that you used that many s. You should have tried to use fewer s while looking for a tall . You however gave me a different perspective on the possibilities to build  s. "You did a very good job in describing  the process you took in order to create the .  I do like the bits of color you added, i.e. the purple crocs and the glittery heel at the top of the . As evaluating myself needs to be objective, I would be criticizing myself in the following cases, at first I could see myself learning from the failure part and accepting the concept of failure. On the other hand, I did not get much how I could be creative ,but I see myself trying. I also did not understand much the T formula which might have helped me if I did. At the end, I see myself I need more organization and plan before attempting the experiment. An excellent submission for this assignment and a well thought out explanation of your insights. How many attempts did you make? if you were to try again would you use different pairs? have you shared this exercise with others in hopes of sparking their own creativity?This is really good. I too was really focused on creating a strong base and your choice of using the larger boots on the bottom was smart. Aesthetically, it looks really creative and I like how it fans out, but still looks secure going upward. Plus, the maroon ankle boots are cute! Seeing yours, I feel like I should have pushed myself more when it came to a more unique design. Great job! I do like the look of red and dark colors on the . I find the hint of rainbow color in the middle unique.  I would suggest to add more color in the outer parts of the  and add more illusion of falling or brick like look. Providing feedback, like I said before, does open your mind to new creative ideas that you can use for your projects. I must say that you and I had the same thought crisis in terms of our collection of s feeling almost "problematic" before we even contemplated the assignment. You   is wonderfully symmetric. I like the way you debated over the structure and went with the stability of boots by placing the stiff ones inside one another. My only question is did you  of using some flats as another stabilizing layer? Also, I'm curious to know why you chose to use the Uggs as the topmost layer. Was it merely for added height? I truly enjoyed reading about your creative process and am reminded that sometimes quantity isn't the most effective way to achieve a desired height."The  has fairly good height and has some nice lines. The red and black s on the very top provide an appealing contrast. By your description you made spent a lot of time on your . The beginning of the story is interesting and has a lot of potential.The boots with the tall boots withe the red and black s balancing on top provide uniqueness.  The idea of a double helix story about s is quite unique.What might your  look like if you experimented with using fewer s? Continue working on the story to see where it goes.It is harder to evaluate my own work. I want to be more critical of my own work."It's pretty. The heavier on the bottom and lighter as it goes up gives it a nice shape. The flip flop inside a flip flop looks like it could have gone on up but maybe you didn't have anymore flip flops. I like the colors, sort of like a building has a unadorned foundation and more decoration as it gets taller. It's interesting to see what others came up with--not to mention the s they own.The overall balance of the show  is pleasing. I cannot however tell if the back wall is lending support.  The boxes add to the balance but I do not believe their height should be included in the calculation of the T Value as a file box is not in anyway a definition of .  You reported the height as 150 cm so i am guessing that includes the height of the file boxes as well. The use of pairs of s adds to the symmetry of the piece.  Layering the s or placing the toe of the  inside the heel of its mate may have added to the overall height. It is obvious that there are many interpretations of the assignment instructions depending on the mindset of the individual following them. There is more than one way to do anything and it is up to us to determine which way is most productive within the confines of the project. The engineer of this   truly felt that incorporating the boxes into the height of the  was acceptable however this overlooks the purpose of the mission i.e. "Basic Instructions: Build the tallest free-standing  you can make entirely of s. Also  aesthetically, how beautiful is your  ? How much art can you add to it (shapes, colors, etc.)?  No other materials are allowed besides s (i.e., no string, tape, glue, etc.)."  Unique: this approach is kind of unique and takes a short cut to complete the experiment. it is smart to take a unusually way to finish it. I was trying to use many s to put the pile higher, but your way is also right, I guess.I do like the fact that it looks cool. It wasn't a huge  but it took thought to get the s working together to make what you finally liked. If T factor is what you were going for you got it.I have to say everyone shares the satisfaction because of creator effects. The positive side is that I figure out a way to increase the T-value through many trials. But at the same time I sacrifice the beauty of the design. After all it is not symmetric and probably not solid as well. My suggestion to myself is to actively reflect upon each attempt and understand each strengths and weakness. And I also would like to summarize the process in an ordered list. What I really want to know is how to evaluate the creativity of a design... If I were to judge based on my evaluation of the submissions, I would give it an 8. It's kind of pretty and unique in that it has all kinds of s. I  I could revise it so that it was more symmetrical. I found it to be a fun a and creative exercise.Your   turned out how I envisioned one. I am travelling and only had 6 s so it was more like the  you originally thought. I thought the reinforcement you used at the base interesting. and then where you stacked many flat s had an aesthetic appeal for me.  My only suggestion would be to see if you could have somehow used fewer s so your ratio would get higher. My number was 15/6 and it was close to the other  I evaluated.  In any case, your s are much more attractive than the military boots and fitness s I had to use! Most enjoyable, I can see you delicately imbedded an artistic selection of arrangement, but humbly did not mention. My wife and daughter would have noted the s with the "bling" at the top. You leave it for the eye of the beholder to take notice.  I believe this is an indicator of a joyful spirit and for that you certainly would earn higher scores for beauty than you graded yourself. Cheers!I liked the concept of heavy on the bottom, light to stand up right. There is a contrast of dark and light colors as well. I find unique that the angle of the picture gives the illusion of a really high . I would suggest to have added more different color s, if available. This was a good  , even the simplest look can be seen as creative. Good job!i thought that your process was great (how you arrived at the ideas for your ).  The metaphor was wonderful.  I don't know why you are so hard on yourself (giving yourself such a low grade.  I thought you desired an 8 for theme, creativity and design. great work.You seem to have a great  collection :) I  you did a good job describing your thought process in how to select the s for the . I would  that if you gave a little more thought to your T value, you could have come up with more creative ways to actually build the  (as opposed to just laying some s flat). Overall, successful project!You come up with good solutions to hard problems that I  most people wouldn't come up with. What I found interesting about it was the picture was upside down. I couldn't find anything needing improvement. I learned how interesting some essays can be.I  you're   has had the best looking shape and structure of other  s I've seen. I can see that you made conscious choices about placement of the s. It might make for interesting visual effect if you didn't necessarily pair the same s together in close proximity - maybe alternate s as you build up. Just an idea. And while you had the highest T value of the  s I've seen, I  if you were to try to increase your T value, you might open up to new ways to stack and build up your .When I look at my own work as an independent critic I like it much more, than when I was only an author. It has a spirit and also I like the using of props. The  is graceful and it has a hidden meaning - the base is a pair of men's s, the body consists of different types of women's s and among them, as an additional support we can find kid's s... pretty natural.   "Great job completing the assignments and giving thoughtful reflections on your process.  Out of the three peer reassignments I've reviewed, yours is the the most comprehensive.Your spiraling  concept is unique and an interesting approach to solving the problem. I like the design and imagine that the  was quite stable.I don't have much to say as far as critique goes. I'm interested in why you were so off-put by the exercise.My  looked considerably different that yours and it was great to see a different approach to the same problem.Great job!""I like your   for its minimalist approach.  The robins egg blue  at the top adds an element of beauty to your . You were very hard on yourself in the evaluation. Next time put your effort into the project rather than berating yourself for not trying harder. You obviously have the talent to succeed.Your comments have taught me that it is better to take the time to complete the project than to take the time to be critical of the effort.  Thank you! ""Pure: I admire simplicity. Using the s that fit your personality is a nice touch and stability is of course #1 in  building.Unique: Having a small sample size for comparison, this is pretty unique. One  per layer is bolder than fussing with multiple sRevision: Simplicity and creativity don't have to be at odds with each other, but you admitted you barely exercised a creative muscle on this assignment. Maybe this wasn't exactly your cup of tea, but if you aren't going to go out on a limb creatively, why sign up for the course>Education: Creativity takes many forms. Maybe going for the simplest idea is still creative in the decision to go that route, not the execution"I  the structure was stable but so boring. I look at what other students did with colors and shapes and I want to do this assignment over. I wish I had better materials to work with. Maybe I should have went to a  store and did a stealth . As I look back I  I needed to put more effort into the design rather than trying to make it stable and high.The structure appears sound and yet has sunlight filtering through it to give it an open feel. First one I've seen with cat fur on it, how did that help or hinder your  structure? I would add a taller  at the top instead of the flat slippers as it will give more of an impact. The incorporation of sunlight through the  was a nice touch and not something I had specifically thought about.After viewing some of the other  s i could have reworked the base to make it more functional.I liked your idea of building the . It looks unique and different. All the best.I liked the way you arranged the s vertically so you could get more heights. The idea of combining boots with flip flops was a good way to reach your goal. You might have been able to go higher with more s on the bottom. I like the way you turned one  upside at each level to add to the stability. Nice Job! I  your design was very creative. It truly looked like a  and what I found unique and interesting is that at a quick glance it looked almost unstable, but once I took a closer look I could see that the base was not random. The base was strategically placed and was very creative. It had a light and airy feel. I would have liked to see more of this creativity carried out throughout the entire structure. Studying your design has taught me to not just look at the s as being stackable, one on top of the other, but to look at how they can interact with one another using the different surfaces and angles. Overall, I  you did very well with the project. I would have liked to have read your reflection, but for some reason I cannot see it. I am not sure if it was not submitted or if there is an issue related to technology as to why I do not see it.I  it was a wonderful attempt.  The tree looks great and I marvel at how you were able to do it with only two attemps without knocking anything down  i liked the use of color.  I do  you could have used more of it if it was possible given the color of s you have.  If the pink s are the only ones you have, the tree might look better if you put them lower on your  for a better contrast.  Overall, I  you did a great job."Nice, robust structure, following a typical pyramid layout which gives stability. Interesting flow at the first two base levels, which maybe could've been carried throughout the  for added interest. Nice balance problem solving with the flats under the boots heels and the two sneakers supporting the boots toes. Overall you have created a good looking structure with interesting problem solving. Congratulations on your work. "I find this very creative - to transform the exercise to the world of words. Good job! I don't find the  of words that esthetically pleasing, color or not, but I can't take anything away from the score I'd give you for that. Well done."The height you achieved was admirable.I appreciated the fact you included s from all family members making this  unique to your family alone.My only suggestion was that while everything worked, it really wasn't attractive as far as color choice or eye appeal went. I learned that you made an effort to complete the project by trying at least three times and perseverance is rewarding in itself.  You did a good job."After reviewing other student projects, I am really happy with my submission. I  I did a great job trying to factor in height, aesthetics, and T value. I  that my   has the most creative and interesting shape compared to other s. If there was an area that I would like to improve on my , I'd want to pay a little more attention to the aesthetics. Perhaps pick a more interesting  for the bottom support or at least tucked in the laces of the blue . Overall, I  I was able to  creatively in the construction of the   and found the project to be a very interesting exercise. You have a very colorful photo.  All answers are written well & concise.  Unfortunately, I did not see anything unique about your . To revise it, I would have played with the color a little more & expanded the  so that it wasn't just straight up & straight down.    "Positive: What was done well is that you created a very high T number, when compared with many other students. Although I don't actually know what a ""high"" T number is, in comparison to many of the other students, you have done quite well. Unique: I found your use of strappy s and holding them together with the straps of other s unique.Revision: there are two flip flop like sandals on the very top of your . It seems like you achieved the height with one sandal and I'm not sure of the purpose of the other flip flop sandal. It serves only to increase your  count and thereby lower your overall T value. If it wasn't necessary for the structure, I would have eliminated it.Education: I will be ing of both sides of the assignment on my next go round. i will  of the assignment that I am required to complete as well as the evaluator responses when completing my next assignment. mostly the Unique and Revision categories. I am hoping that by ing of this on the front end, my project will be more creatively constructed than when not ing of these considerations."I love the bright colors! Nice job achieving a 6.75 T value. I like that you tried some unique combinations and intertwined s to achieve strength.   Overall it is clear that you experimented and found what worked best for your  types.  The only thing I would like to see is less of the  doles and more  profiles to add interest to the . Seeing your T value has inspired me to revisit my  methods. "I liked the , which had a symmetry and solidity to it, and a calm coloration that seemed mainly in the blue spectrum. I also liked the angle you took your photo from  from above and a little to the side instead of face on as so many photos of these s have been.  I was interested to find that you made 20 tries before you succeeded in making a  that you were satisfied by.But I was disappointed that you did not describe your ing or how your previous attempts failed  whether from falling down, or from failing to satisfy you  and the changes you made that led to successful completion of a  you were pleased with.  I also would have liked to know what your friends said about your  that led you to give your  a 7 in ""beauty"" or what criteria you used to give yourself a 7 in ""creativity.""Mostly I felt that you did not give enough information about your process for me to be able to enjoy your accomplishment as much as I'd like to.  I got the impression that English is not your first language, so perhaps that posed an obstacle in writing more about your process.  Or it could be that you didn't give yourself quite enough time to answer thoroughly.Too bad, because I like your !"Nice wide base to start the  to allow for great stability.  Inventive use of s with s for stability.  Good opportunity for feedback from friends and family.    Nice work.You put thought into your  before you even started it, which set you up for a stable, tall structure. You put the colorful s at the top, which added some prettiness to the . Would have liked to know how many overall attempts you made, even though your second was the tallest. Really liked that you set out a specific goal. That was not something I did, but just jumped in and started stacking s. I like the creativity to  of the   as more than s.  The resemblance to a transformer is clear.  I  you should award yourself a bit more for creativity.  That being said, I am perplexed by your image (bottom left) is that photoshopped?  It seems that your structure on the top right picture is real and feasible, while the bottom left image does not look like it actually was made, in the physical world.  I do like your drive to make your slippers into something much more imaginary!  "Very interesting design in the first photo that solved kind of a thorny problem...how to stabilize the base of the .  It is kind of colorful and actually looks taller than it apparently is.    It was good that you tested multiple theories of how the tree could be built.   I'm ing your ""...stack s with abandon..."" carried forward a lot of the lessons from the the previous attempts. I have looked at a lot of pictures of various  trees (subscribed to the forum), but yours is pretty unique in it's base construction.     You had full advantage of the height of the  and a rather wide, stable base.  You also choose to not add another  on the top - which would have knocked down the ""T"" factor without significant gain.... and may have caused it to crash to the floor. If you were still ing about modifying this design, you might try removing one  from the ""cluster"" on the bottom and using the  strings to make the base stable.   This would eliminate one  and raise our ""T"" factor - but we have to remember the T factor isn't gradable.I like looking at how you did your  tree.   It gives me an idea of how I could improve mine by strengthening the base.   a lot of of the other designs just ended up with a pile of s on the bottom unlike yours where there is a nice symmetry and regularity to the base.    I also realize that since I focused on getting the best ""T""  I may have made my tree uglier than it needed to be by adding just one more . "Great T-value and use of different size s.  The Black  on bottom shows strength and stability.  I liked the pink middle accents.  The well worn brown  seems to add some history and uniqueness.  I do not see the purpose of the Fila sneaker at the bottom.  Does it support anything or is it just  for flair?  By viewing and evaluating other s I can see ways to improve my  design. I also see features in these s which I do not like.  I agree with the ratings and I give an A+ to the T-value."i thought that your first idea of modeling the  de Eiffel was very creative.i would give your work a 4 you can do betterit seems to me that you did not follow instructions of not using any strings.I  I learned the importance of carefully reading the instructions."I like the heel-to-heel, toe-to-toe aspect of your .  I'm glad that, after 10 attempts, you began to find your  pleasing.  I wish there was a picture, but I realize that sometimes that is not possible.  I love the split pair at the top- it was as if they were suspended in air. They are also my favorite s of the .  I agree about the pair at the bottom, but I feel the provide a base, so I would stay with first grade. Did you try standing a  toe-heel as a topper? I love the minimalist approach and feel it adds to aesthetics. I would not have thought of that. Thank you for sharing, I hope my peer review was helpful."I got a pretty high  but my picture was fuzzy.  I knew it was bad, but it fell right after that.  I should have put more time into it.I  I did a good job of creating a strong foundation.I should have devoted more effort to this.  It was very helpful being able to evaluate others work.""Positive: I  the balancing act of the footwear was pulled off wonderfully. The s are facing in several directions, angles, positions. I  it is very aesthetically pleasing to my eye, I love all of these s and have wonderful memories of gallivanting through life in them.Unique: What I found interesting and unique about it was the courage to mix animal print, floral and polka dots. Some would scream: fashion faux pas! But not me = trailblazer.Revision: I would definitely recommend borrowing s in the future or just not caring about mine so much to encourage a more carefree, experimental, dive right in and get it done atmosphere. I would also have not been so strict on trying to hold the tape measure and take the picture all by myself, because from a distance the   could have been greater appreciated than in this very cramped scene photography.Education: Again, as I stated in my peer review of another student's work, I will take this (evaluation) step BEFORE my initial submission of work. I  by considering these factors up front, I will create a greater body of work.""Positive and Unique: I loved the approach of picking a concept for the  first and building with that in mind. The type and color of s chosen for the summer concept were appropriate. The  was very simple and pretty, I loved the flowery child's  that topped it off. Aesthetics was important to this student. I liked the use of a survey to rate the beauty of the .Revision: I thought the  could be taller, there is some potential for more growthEducation: Compared to how I approached my , I learned the importance of factoring in aesthetics and designing it into a product instead of having it be submissive to engineering concerns. I really liked this submission.""Wow, that is a tall  for so few s! You used some good technique to get the structure up into the air in what looks like a solid firm standing. Your use of reverse back to back connection and tying the s together tightly looked like it helped a lot! I also like the ascetic choices you made on the flip flops and also how it leans a bit. I would have liked to know what the plan A was since I can't see that one. A bit more detail about the process would have been great to know and Ihope that you will be able to explain more next assignment. I am glad to have read your project. Next time I build a , it will be taller as well! Great job on the engeneering portion! "I  this solution is very creative in its uniqueness. I'm not expecting anyone else to have used as few as two s, so I feel that shows some departure from the norm and from what's expected. And your  is well-built, stable, and looks good. Good job.I like how you used different types of s for a support structure. This is reminiscent of the leaning  of Pisa. The only thing I would recommend is adding a little pizzazz to it, for example, on my  I had a swirl  base. Great ! I love the . I guess however I need to pay more attention to the questions at hand and work towards a higher T value. I didn't do that. I just wanted to make it tall and see what I could do with it as a challenge."I love the pyramid look to this . The uggs on the really top the  off nicely.I have to criticism to give on this  because it is great!""I find your  very pleasing. The stability that you made with the base makes the  look like it's on 2 very short legs. This leads me to believe that it could move around like a mini robot. Your  also reminds of an acrobatic team with each  relying on its next member to have the final pair creating an upside crown. Attention is focused on the final 2 pair which creates a tension in the composition. Your  seems very stable so I'm sure that if you had more s you could increased the size of the  to enhance its awesomeness.""You completed the assignment by answering all the questions. And you provided some detail about different scenarios which were helpful.While English may not be your first language, keep practicing. Remember that ""I"" is always capitalized. Check your verb tenses. And know that the first word of every sentence is also capitalized."First off, my daughter who is a six year old fashionista insisted I give you an "E" for Excellent.  Your   is pretty.  My only observation is that it's more of an installation i.e. an art piece than it is an actual .  I believe you could have gone higher.  That said, kudos on choosing the one color and RED is definitely a powerful color!I like the two perspectives in your photos. I also liked that you used so many s and that you tried to build a stronger base. I also liked the shiny gold stiletto on top! I was left with a lot of questions: How did you revise your   and why? Why did you choose to put the gold stiletto on top? Why did you assess your own creativity as a 6 and your  as a 7. Mainly, I wanted to know a lot more about your creative process.Great job of getting a lot of height using a small number of s. It's very colorful, and I agree that adds to the creativity and beauty of the ."Dear Colleague,Your   is excellent example of combination of creative style and creative level. You can come out of the fear of your  falling down and could create a wonderful balancing act. I congratulate you for that.The most interesting thing about the  is design like putting the  vertical on a horizontal  in order to increase the  height depicts use of good intelligence and creative approach. The only thing i would suggest or I feel that has room for improvement is the use of shape which could have been more effective like a rectangle with more structured/balanced view. Overall, the best part that i learnt from this was that once we eliminate any kind of fear of failure from our mind and  of creating something out of the box which helps the purpose in most efficient manner, then that will bring great amount of satisfaction."The  is a great height and the s are beautiful. I would have liked to see more variety in the trials. There are always many more ways to do something, it would prove useful to try more avenues, even if it may seem you have it figured out. "My   is attractive and a respectable height. I like the look of the . The choice of color and texture add to its appeal. To increase the height, I could have added sturdier s at the base and the most graceful s at the top.The project taught me that the preparation and clean up sometimes take as long as the project. I let myself get bogged down in choosing which s to use, based on perceived beauty rather than utility. Thank you! "I like how much detail and thought I put into all of my answers. I find it interesting how I was the only one who wrote a lot on all of these questions. I am still unsure as to whether that is a good or bad thing. The math portion was completely wrong. Instead of dividing it by the PAIRS of s, I put the number of s, so I completely messed up. I have learned that I really need to take my time and review my work even if it is online so that I do not make silly errors. "what I like about this is how the base has been tied in order to be resourceful (since no other element was allowed)not only pilling one  over the other but using what they have ...this took me to figured out another kind of base for the  .this exercise has teach me that one thing is the process of figuring out something , how you chose one idea over others and how plans change in the very task of doing or carrying out the plan.""Although not super tall, I love the structure of the . It starts with a solid base and then ""stretches"" with lighter, slimmer s. Like you pointed out, I like the colors and appreciate the fact that it incorporates different types of s. The ""T"" value s that given the size, the  is quite efficient.Given more s, what are some thoughts on how to make the structure taller, more colorful, or more creative?Finally, thank you for your submission. I love the structure, love that it's not your standard , and how you dealt with the  as best you could given the circumstances. Your submission proves that you don't need a lot of resources, time, or dedication to churn out something creative, thoughtful, and meaningful.Well done!""I love your thoughtfully placed s to construct your . What you lack in height you make up for the overall design of your . Is the  truly freestanding?I very well thought out design!"I like your perspective of 3 s.  Something I didn't  of capturing my failures and my successes.  I like your attitude of making it unique to what reflects you.  So many times we worry about what others want, but this was your goal to reflect what you liked. Great job!! Th only improvement that I can  of for your , based on your personality would be a bit more organization. Keeping same s together might help with height, hence a higher T formula outcome. Overall, though I  your personality trumps what others  as long as your satisfied.The student had a plan on how to build his  which is very important in innovation and creativity. In addition his understanding of the concept of failure was clear and reflected how he learnt from it. He seems very systemic, organized and determined. I must say, the number of attempts that have gone into making that  are a good number. 10! thats total dedication. The  certainly looks impressive and colorful. God job!"Positive and Unique: I  the structural approach to the base was good and provided a good foundation to add more layers than if it had been design differently. I  multiple iterations and failures helped me come to a more efficient design.Revision: It could be prettier. I'm sure I'll get better ideas regarding the structure with time and from reviewing the solutions of others.Education: Importance of iterating over many solutions, the importance of aesthetics"They gave excellent specific details in the process step.They told the specific steps that they went through and how they got to the end product. They used clear consise language. The   was very creative and inovative.I found it interesting how they stacked the s. They had s going vertical and horizontal. I liked how he went through the process ; he went through with very detailed language you could actually picture it. I would put more detail into why you gave the creativity and beautiful score.  How could you make it more Beautiful?  You talk about revising what are some possible ways you could revise.  I learned that I could put the s horizontally or vertically. That was very creative. I hadn't thought to do that. I learned how to make my process statement more detailed and concise. I thought he put time into his work and used the scientific process and learned from doing this exercise.This  looks quite sturdy. I particularly liked the manner in which the creative process was documented: very detailed and thorough. I believe, however, that this  could have been taller and "stable-looking," particularly after the fourth tier. Similarly, larger s could have been used to complete the structure (it seems this structure could have withstood additional weight).This was really impressive. I liked that you applied your engineering knowledge of what made a structure stable. Also, using the  laces was really creative. I was not sure I understood your number of attempts. Does that mean you made twenty attempts overall, but didn't necessarily start from scratch each time? I learned that you don't need to throw out what you already know in order to be creative.Good thought process and implementation. Took the time to  through the task and try different solutions. The build is artistic and well put together.  "Positive: I  my   is simple and neat. Also it is aesthetically pleasing.Unique: I have stacked all the s without any support and the way it has been shaped in descending order is unique.Revision: I could have done a better job on experimenting with shapes and  color and also could have experimented more.Education: I learnt that I can still improve my creativity and  differently.""Positive- wow you really built a unique-while most people built a pyramid shape you built a cylinderRevision- because you used so many s you did not get a very high ratio scoreEducation-I never knew that you could build such a complex structure with s""Mine is really a .  I looked at many submissions and they were representative of s, but sometimes piles, or stacks, for something stylish but not really a .  As I had the idea of real  in my mind that greatly influenced my approach and prototypes.P: It's a !  Of s!  It's tall!  It was fun to make!U:  I  I created one of the tallest s, at least of the ones I have seen so far.  I wanted a real, fanciful , and that's what I wound up with.R: Pay more attention to the formula for a greater T score.E: I learned most that "" "", especially the term , is interpreted differently by nearly everyone.  I  I was too hung up on the literal meaning of  from places I have been - for examples,  of London, Eiffel , Devil's  and from literature that I have read - Tolkein's ""Two s"" or Stevenson's ""Kidnapped"".  So creating a  from s I definitely had an idea in mind of what this should probably look like.  The creative part for me was coming up with ways to use the s at hand as building materials.  s are s and as such not cooperative as bricks or stones or Legos so working with s presents an interesting challenge.Plus, I wanted to have fun!I built a  and had fun and paid modest attention to the T score.""Positive: The detailed clarity of the development process illustrates divergent and convergent creativity. There is evidence of an adaptive creative style that is executed through all of the alternative solutions. The initial strategies for height and aesthetics demonstrate a clear goal, and help to develop methodologies to reach the goals.Unique: This structure is unique in that it doesn't rely on an individual  for its overall aesthetic beauty - it relies on the synergies of many s - an example of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts. The trending shows an understanding of what levers can be tuned for optimal attribute performance. Revision: I would challenge (myself) to explore what would be possible in a team, as well as in a  store.Education: This is difficult... It was clearer to me what I learned after evaluating my peers. I did learn that this submission may appear more verbose and in depth in comparison to the other submissions. There may be less of a gap/discrepancy in a classroom and team environment.""GREAT ! I really liked your  and even more the comments on the design ! it was a great job ! sometimes having less (being traveling) takes you to better results like in your case .keep up with the good job !"My favorite question regarded my creativity: "How do I discard it, welcome it, circumscribe it, ignore it, develop it?" My second-favorite question was, "How might I turn these supposed liabilities into assets?" I like that I was honest about my feelings, fears, and insecurities. This honesty helped me to dig more deeply. The unique aspect of my reflection is also its honesty. I would have liked to have seen an attempt at answering both questions. Those answers would give me even more information to work with in revising my ideas about my own creativity. I learned from this exercise that I constrict myself hugely and that I have a lot to learn about those constrictions. I learned that I have a huge (I hope), dare I say--boundless--amount of creativity to tap. I'm eager to begin. Wow! Your T-formula total is quite impressive! Great height with the limited number of s! I appreciate your will to stick to your own resources, rather than borrowing other s. This is YOUR  . Although you mention you did not focus on aesthetics, I still  there's some beauty to your . I like how the  laces dangle to create a wee ladder to the windows of the sandals. I also enjoy the pattern of white, black, black, white, brown, brown. When building with a new material, it seems that we focus first on structure and stability rather than the way it looks. I would perhaps take both into consideration for your next structure. This is when we can learn from our previous attempts, or failures and use what we've learned to create a better, more beautiful .Just as architects some build very beautiful buildings, and some who build purely functional buildings. I  we can all appreciate the s that serve as works of art and I believe that is a goal we can all aim for in this class: building for balance and beauty. I  my strategy of using the larger boots as a base to give a jumpstart to the height was a good place to start. I  I could have spent a little more time on the shape and colors used in the , rather than just focusing on getting the best T value possible. "good color combinationok height and structurecan be taller!I'll make them taller and utilize high heels for adding stability! 8/10"First of all good job. I am surprised that you have found it easy. My first trials were failure most of the times. I liked that you achieved good color combination. I am curious how did it look like, I wish I could see a photo of it. Perhaps in the following tasks! Thanks for sharing with us.You did a good job and had built  high , considering number of s used. I also like the colors. Very much like me, I  you don't have so many s around as others were  able to put together. Thank you for sharing."P--I liked the wheel on the bottom, and your forethought. U--I found the boot at the top unique-I had some trouble balancing, so you clearly had a pretty solid  to work with.R--While you clearly planned it out to some degree, I doubt this was the best you could do. One try and ""limited time""? With one try, I can tell that you are a creative person! E--It was very interesting to see your thought process differed so much from mine. "It was very clever to use only black s.  I would have liked to see the .  Using one color would emphasis the shapes, sizes and textures of the different s. In comparison to other  s I saw on the discussion forums, your T value of 7 using 8 s is very high, and you must have placed them very strategically.  To see your  would have been good.  I  you are too critical of your achievement.  To have a T value of 7 using only 8 s in my opinion makes you better than average for building a  .  I  if I were to resubmit my , I would  more about color (or lack of) and shape of the  and texture of the .  I liked that you went in a different direction than most with your form.  It was visually appealing and definitely stands out from other submissions.  I also liked that you used a lot of sports s to reinforce the idea of movement that your  suggests.  Your submission reminded me about the inter-relationship of form and function.I enjoyed seeing your  ! You and I had the same idea about using heavier s to make a base. I never would have even thought of looking at YouTube. That is a good idea for future endeavors (not related to academic courses). I like how you added the single  vertically at the top. That adds height, balance, and makes the whole  more aesthetically pleasing. Nice work! You provided a good description of your process and how many tries it took you to complete your final  . My only suggestion there is to proofread more carefully, as I did notice a few errors (sorry - I am picky about such things). Overall, I  you and I were very much on the same wavelength with this assignment and I find your   was similar, but more visually pleasing than mine. I  your   is most interesting, from a shapes perspective. You've got all casual box-shaped s and the arrangement is pretty interesting. I agree that the stability is a challenge and one winds up trading off aesthetics in order to make sure the thing stands! I didn't go for height myself, so it's interesting to see how to achieved it with just a few s. I had 39! "I enjoyed your  ; it tells me that you are a person who loves comfort and utility. The color adds playfulness and speaks to your creative side. Your straightforward approach produced an attractive and strong , which taught me that sometimes it is best to approach a project humbly. Thank you! "I like the creativity of using caring s in different positions. The high heel topper is my favorite.  I would have liked to see a picture because I am visual. Although the boots were aesthetically pleasing, using a different approach for using the colors of the s to make the  look better.  I truly love looking at different roads to the same place. The review process was enlightening and supportive.Great job!  You used multiple s at various levels to strengthen the structure. You could stack the uppermost  vertically to add more height perhapsI like you ability to critique yourself honestly."I agree that your  is beautiful!  I would also give it a high creativity score.  However, I don't  that score comes from the number of attempts you made or how much time it took you.  I would say it is creative because you have used the s three different ways: on their sides, on their bottoms and nestled with one's toe inside another 's opening."I Think you did a nice . With your explanation of the  development you took many different aspect into consideration were very is appreciated. You could have giving your self a bit higher vote for the beauty of the . I don't  tips so bad and now that I been making one my self I know also the difficulty of the making.  "Firstly, I would like to mention about the colours, it looks nice and bright. The description was very clear.  I felt the usage (sorting) of s was done very well. The ability to analyze one's own mistake is an extremely good quality and I noticed that you were able to bring out the reasons for failing twice. The   looks great. As you mentioned you could have tried different ideas.Giving feedback feels great. This exercise makes me feel more confident. "Wow that's the tallest  adn highest t rating i've seen. With the essence of this project being fast failure, I would have liked to read about more trials. I really like your stacking method and i would have liked to try it myself. I really enjoyed the detail and reflection of your experience.  It was clear you embraced the assignment and had a great time learning from it.  I thought it was unique that you continued the exercise outside of the class with friends.  One suggestion may not have been to complete 23 attempts.  Although, you learned from each failure, was there a certain point where it made more sense to move on?  Sometimes we never finish because we over  things.  One thing I learned from you was the idea of extending the exercise to friends.  I tend to work to much in isolation and learning from others (as well as my own failures) is an invaluable skill."I really liked the way you made the s sizes work for you in constructing your . The  sizes from largest to smallest make very good sense in getting the  to be stable. I found that the two children's boots at the top of the structure added height and the last one added a nice touch of color to the .The structure seems very stable and I wonder how many more pairs of s could have been added to the  to make it higher still.The lesson I learned in evaluating this assignment is that there are really multiple ways to tackle this project and that each of us is doing the utmost with the materials at hand.All in all I  you did an excellent job is  creating a  that seems strong and is viable."Not only was your  tall, it was very colorful, and the top two s looked like they were ready to dance!  Your  was creative and symmetrical.  From your many attempts, you learned how to get the  taller and more stable.  Good job!Great outcome - yours was the tallest  I've seen! I loved how you built in stability with a strong base. I  with more attempts you could have gone higher as you had extra s. However, upon reflection I  you quickly got to a 90% solution and that is a great way to problem solve IMHO "You did a good job of describing the process stages that you went through, listing what did and did not work in your initial builds, and how the fast failures led you to a design that ultimately worked.It might have been unintentional, but I like the reflection from the running  in the base. The use of a single  to accomplish so much height at the top was a great use of variety. I also appreciate that the s were kept paired as you moved up - this was the most aesthetically pleasing option, I .Perhaps you could have reframed the picture to reduce the background busyness. I know that it was difficult to keep these things up, a simple background like a plain wall would have highlighted the  more.I did not  to attempt the triangle approach. Because of your insight, and then testing, I wouldn't have to attempt that design myself. (For when I have to build another  , I guess...) I""The strength of this submission was that it was a different looking . I saw pictures of many s but none like this. The weakness of this  was that it was not a  in reality. It was more like a pyramid. One thing, as a friend - I would suggest - please put more hard work in ing about the assignment. Also, sometimes, we are creative, but being creative is not useful if one does not satisfy the requirements of an assignment. And I  this submission may not qualify as a . As much as I like it, I must suggest that you can look at other s to see what you could have done. "This   was fun to see and I particularly loved the unique boots and s you chose. The fact that the base of the   started with s on their heels made the stack more interesting, plus the boots themselves are interesting. My only critique is that I  you could have  arranged the second layer so that you could add more s. Thank you for your fun  !"Positive: very good attempt. I liked the way  it has been stacked beautifully. The  is aesthetically pleasing.Unique: what I really found interesting about this  is the way  all three s are unique in their own way and has been built in a different way. Base is unique and the top of the  is different.on the whole it looks good too.permutations and combinations of putting it together to make a  has worked out well in this case.uniqueness is the idea behind it.Revision: it is a good try and don't see any suggestions for improvement.Educations: learnt that we should try , try and try again to succeed and improve our creative diversity.""I love the shape of the first , as well as how the red high heels pop out creating a heart shape. The teal colored s create a beautiful accent against all the black and brown s as well. The middle  has a unique shape with the two boots flipping out. It seems to have a personality, especially with the shiny black high top on top, like a hoodlum crown. I imagine a spunky teenager with her hands on her hips, not taking no for an answer. I would  make more attempts with fewer s. At first, I was nervous, realizing I only had 5 pairs of s and a friend said, well, then you have 10 s. Which, for me, seemed not enough. What I'm learning is that I like to have a lot of options when creating, so I borrowed some s from my roommate, who has more unique and funky s than I. I  I should create some limitations for myself rather than overwhelming myself with options. Perhaps I am a more divergent er, exploring multiple options and having endless possibilities, something to be cognitive of while creating. "Impressively balanced. I like the child's  at the top defiantly adding a last few cm. I found it instructive that you documented the height and T value of your other attempts as well as that of your final submission; it would have been interesting to see some of the others, I'm especially curious about the nine- version."This is a well-written submission. Obviously, the writer spent some time ing about the attributes of the show  he/she was making. I also like the   that was created - it looks stable and somewhat pleasing to the eye, especially given that I have my own  to  to compare it with. I  the unique aspect of this particular   is how the creator achieved the height and stability. The top-most s look like they could topple the   - may be they did topple right after the picture was taken - but it's interesting that they were stable for the moment.I  that since there is a daughter in the house, the creator could have ""embellished"" the   more with more decorative s. (Assuming they own some.) It looks like the primary consideration was functionality as opposed to beauty and creativity. It's interesting to note that functionality was the primary concern both in this submission as well as my own. I  that this was a conscious decision on both our parts, as we traded off some beauty for functionality while creating this . I am wondering if this is a trade-off that architects have to consider constantly in their structures - perhaps a stupid question, because one would assume that structural soundness should come first. This leads me to consider the role that functionality plays in creativity in general. I am inclined to conclude that this depends on the project. I may be stating the obvous, but for a painter, beauty would be the only consideration, while for an architect, it cannot be so.""Of those that I've seen, I'd put this toward the top. There is a lot of use of color, and using the shape of the  rather in forming the structure. It has a teamwork feel since the s belong to different people. The triangle base is very visually appealing. I really enjoyed this piece. I wonder what you could have accomplished with your daughter's extra s. Also, and this might have upset the total balance, but switching out one of the blue and black s at the bottom with one of the white s may have more color flow at the bottom. Making several attempts and using the resources around her was a key to this success - being denied more s didn't deter her. ""Positive: Getting an idea of the mechanics and weight distribution is a great way to start. Trying symmetrical shapes with squares and triangles also shows an understanding of structure and engineering.Unique: Being a stacking s assignment, I can't find any ""uniqueness"" in this .  Strong base that gets thinner as it is built upward. However, I'd be hard pressed find a vertical  layer done better than this. Revision: Again, this assignment was very basic, so it is difficult to improve or offer suggestions on the final product.  Gun to my head, I'd say that the  itself wasn't creative, simply conforming to the natural shape builders have used for centuries. Having said that, it's been done for centuries because it is the most effective form to date. I'd also note that giving yourself a 9 in creativity seems a bit self indulgent for a simple  .Education: If we're being perfectly honest, I can't say I learned anything from this submission other than her daughter seems to like pandas =)""I like the detail explanation of your observation and ing process of building the  . Thanks for sharing your experience of building the . I also learn to build a better  as I failed to build previous ones. I can see you were going through same experience I had. By keep building and failing, I was able to build my tallest  that I liked the most, too.""Hello!  Nice work on the .  I love your ""person's leg"" idea--very creative and descriptive!  Also, the use of a child's s to stabilize the base and provide a bridge for that top /layer is very thoughtful and effective.  One question I have is about the height of your .  You have specified the height as 43 cm; is that measured to the top of the flag, or to the top of the utmost ?  I like the addition of the flag, aesthetically, but it is somewhat problematic for measurement purposes; perhaps you could keep the artistic additions in future work, but provide more information so that your reviewer better understands the calculation.  :-)I really enjoyed reviewing your project and your comments.  Thanks for being part of the process for me.  In future tasks, I will definitely  about your visualization method (to make a  ""like a person's leg"") and your use of angle to build height--not the first thing I would have thought of!  Good work.""Positive: I loved your  .   Very creatively done in the shape of a leg!   The rules said not to use materials other than s, but I liked the added flag as a nice contrast to the s.     Unique:  I really liked the different colors and types of s, plus the leg shape was done well.   Revision: If you were going to revise this, you could maybe try a wider variety of textures and designs in your s.   Education: You gave me the gift of inspiration in creating something very enjoyable and fun.   Wonderful job!!!!"Great reflection of your experience and a nice summary of what you tried, how it worked, and what didn't work. I really I liked your use of a tall, colorful  at the top to achieve height. To enhance your work, I would only suggest sharing more of your thought process for the rating. I feel that seeing your work enabled me to  more creatively!I  this  looks very sturdy and well built. Since s are primarily stacked, it would have been interesting to see the use of different colors and patterns. Overall, I  the author of this exercise did a very good job. "Positive: Excellent submission!  You made 4 very neatly constructed s!  My """" consisted of 4 s!  Your s are great.  My favorite is the first, it looks so organized and neat.Unique: This is very unique - you used many different types of s and made 4 s.Revision: No suggestions!Education: What I learned is I should have used more s and used some sort of technique like you did.  My s, men's s, aren't as conducive to building a   as women's s.  Well, in my opinion.  Because you have the options of high heels and other features that make the s ""stick"" together better when piling them up.  Great job!"Structure looks very nice and the aesthetics is very good.   The way student has planned to get a good T value shows his/her analysis.   Very appreciable.  To me the unique thing here is the balancing act across being tall, good T value and looking nice.   Excellent job on that.  I see a couple of more pairs around and am sure that the student could have used them to make it even taller.   Student could have taken one of the light ones and kept it vertical on the top which could have increased the height and T.  I personally learnt and thought of ways to be create both being tall and look nice and colorful.I believe the result of this exercise is quite solid, for which I stand by the comments I provided above. I believe I took the risk of going a rather unconventional route, building a   based on a pyramidal structure, instead of randomly stacking s without a clear plan in mind (other than, of course, building a tall  for the sake of it). I really enjoyed this exercise, which is a clear reminder of the concept of intelligent fast failure, as introduced during the first week of the course.  "I agree that you created a  that is aesthetically pleasing. I liked the idea of curving the cards to get more stability. Also, it was a creative substitution for actual s. It is a bit hard to judge the T value in relation to others who used s, but I'mwondering if you could have gotten a higher T value by making the  thinner. Did you experiement with the smallest number of cards per level for instance? Perhaps using very few cards as a ""floor""? Just some thoughts. Over all I thought you did well "I love what you did with this exercise.  I would guess it to be far more challenging to build a  out of cards versus s.  I, too, appreciate symmetry and found your design to be very pleasing.  I agree that the fourth picture you have displayed has a floral quality to it.  It kind of reminds me of a wedding cake if you just slapped some frosting on it. I'd agree that the number of times you try something may not be directly proportional to the level of creative output.  However, it seems that each time you try something, you can apply something you learned from the previous attempt to create something even better.  This idea is something I wonder about, though.  When is something great or just right and does better equal more creative?  Or, does more creative equal better?Your description was very good.  I also liked the details you included about where you were when you did the project.  I took the no glue and strings rule literally and balanced all of my s while you used the laces to shore up your creation.  To be honest using  laces never occurred to me...very creative on your part.  I learned to try not to be so literal in my process.  Thank you."Very nice the way you documented the process you went through.I like your comments about rigidity, and how it can work against us. Very thoughtful and interesting.You mentioned you had difficulty with the flexible s. I am wondering if you tried using them on time. i, too, had flexible s, but i found them lighter and used them at the top of my structure.I like your idea about documenting the process. I  i learned from you that it is a good idea to document our creative processes.  ""The way  is build is really beautiful. One of the good structure I have seen beside mine :)I like the way middle black s being set up because they are the key between baseline s as well as the one on top. The way s are organized in a little curvy way provides better support to the .One of the important area of improvement I see so far is, if the bottom layer had more number of s and that too like long boots or thick leather boots, the  would have been more stable and with attractive look. I would also like to pinpoint the top finishing, both top s had enough space to plant a pair of floaters which might have given good look to the overall .Its funny I am trying to analyze and write about this   exercise because I never commented anyone beside my own field of expertise. Providing creative feedback given me a better angle to look into my own style of observation.Great work. All the very best."Whoa! The  certainly looks impressive! Very unusual but very thoughtful I must say. The student has certainly put in a lot of effort and achieved quite a good score for formula T. Keep it creative!"I feel the   looks elegant. I  the usage of s were done appropriately.  I wish to reach a better position after this course.  After evaluating my peers assignments I was able to learn and rectify the mistakes that I had made. I feel more confident.  "This is the best looking   that I have seen, very artistic. It is certainly unique in the choice to build a bridge over a . Critically - it isn't very tall, but it does look good. The T value is actually height/s, not pairs - so, 2.33. I learned that not everyone interpreted this assignment as a competition to build the tallest  , some went for beauty in design.Your description of the process you took to create the  was very descriptive.  The   looks great.  The base was the hardest part for me to figure out as well but you ideas was much more unique and creative.  I had a total of 20 s and did not reach the height you have here.  I do like that you used all black too.I  this design is aesthetically pleasing now that I have am relooking at it. It does have the shape of a tree and I  this design is naturally pleasing to the eye. I feel the larger base and narrowing as it rises is a natural form that many are accustomed to seeing in nature. I found the wide variety of s being used as a unique feature. This design utilized, s, boots, sandals, including both men's and women's styles. This made the structure more easily achieved. I do feel that this  could have been improved by focusing on quality and not so much on quantity. I did learn that sometimes when being creative to solve a problem you need to step away to see the larger picture and not focus too much on one individual aspect. Your   was imaginative (as it was entirely born from your imagination). I enjoyed your thoughts of walking in grass and of a giant occupying the s. I am interested in your thoughts of adding additional giant s, perhaps in creating more of a  skyscraper rather than an individual single-story home. Your submission made me  about how mine could have been a bit more innovative - your bit of a story was a great addition - rather than just incrementally creative in the design of my physical  . I enjoyed seeing it! Thank you for submitting. I liked my outside-the-box approach to this assignment, and the story that I created around this assignment. The fantastical proportion of the  makes for a fun story or springboard, and I enjoyed playing with the ideas that came after this assignment. I would have liked to have paid more attention to drawing detail. I learned that it's okay to step outside the assignment without disrespecting the requirements.First I would like to say I appreciate the unique fantasy approach you took to this project, it definitely was an interesting read.  If there was a rating for imagination I'd rate you very high, but unfortunately you didn't complete the assignment as requested so next time I'd recommend completing the assignment in full so that other students can learn from your progress.  Although, you did show me that adding a little more imagination to my projects might be a good thing.  Good luck on the next assignment!You chose a very stable approach to building your , and it looks good too. It reminds me of a sandwich for some reason! Do you  there could have been a way to make a complete  with heels, as you started originally? Perhaps it could have resulted in a taller  with fewer s. Your final comment sums up what I  is the point of this project, namely do your best each time, and learn from your mistakes. Good job!"Lovely!  P: You have created a delicate, chaotic  of ""ness""!  It's wonderful!  U: What is interesting to me is that I can see the inside sole of many of the s that you used.  With many of the s submitted by our fellow students, it's the outsides that are most seen.  What you have created might be an ad for a  designer!R: You could have done some experimentation connecting s together Lego-like - heels and toes into foot openings - to gain greater height.  that way maybe fewer s would have been used for a taller structure that yields possibly a higher T score.E: From your submission I take away that a mountain of materials, in this case your s, can have a simple elegance.  I agree with your friends that you have created more of a pile than a structure, but that said, why is something that is just tall with a few s that gets the high T score, but doesn't look anything at all like a  at all better?Thanks!"Very nice job! I like that all the s had the right and the left correctly placed together ..... until you got to the last pair, where you switched them. Your idea of the Petronas s was very creative and your t-value was good. Maybe you could have tried a few other ideas for the structure to see if there was anything you liked better, but this is a nice mix of attractive and unique!I felt like I did a good job describing my process . I thought I did a good job in telling why it could be more beautiful.   I felt that I described the process in a somewhat unique way. I felt that I used many different types of s. I  I could have organized the process statement in a better or more clear way. I  I had good details I just need to group them better. I should have given more detail of how to be more creative. I learned from looking at other students work that I could be more creative in how I had the s pointed and positioned.  I learned from others projects to make my process statement more organized and use more scientific terms.I  I did really well on the T-formula compared to others on the forum. An interesting part of my submission was how my s were all around the same color scheme - which I did intentionally. If I could revise this, I would have done some more revisions by playing around with the laces. From this exercise I learned a lot about not being afraid to fail and the balance between making a  beautiful and worrying about the T-Formula. The  certainly is pleasing to look at and it is bold. Instead of going straight up like a traditional , your  goes off to the side. I  that's cool. To make this  even higher I might build a base that supports the higher points of the . Imagine a high heel . That way you may be able to build a higher . Of course, such a build would result in a lower T rating. Personally, I didn't even consider putting that many s inside other s. Kudos to you.   I very much enjoyed the variety of colors, textures and patterns and the dynamic stacking of the s, looking at it from different angles gave a new interesting view.  Perhaps with more time and a few more prototypes an even more interesting, and perhaps taller, structure could be created.  After reading other reports I feel that my report is too wordy and not very creative. The best thing I learned from the other submissions that I gave feedback on is to come up with a story or personal connection to my  .  "Wow, you went about this exercise very methodically (compared to the slap-dash approach I took). I'm impressed by how many different ideas you had.I like the reflection section at the end of your submission.  Effort definitely is a key component of creativity, as Edison's quote about the relative proportions of inspiration and perspiration (1:99) reminds us."Way to keep at it, your design works! It is interesting that balance is important. Would placing the heaviest s at the bottom been helpful? Thanks, I learned so much.I really like the different angles of the pictures and how you described each type of  used in the .  One unique element was the creative use of  characteristics.  For example using the sandal ties to help in construction of the .  I revision I would make for the future is to have more than two attempts.  I suspect you may have been able to find some more solutions.  This was very educational to me because it inspired me to take better and more pictures as well as use the materials I have more effectively and creatively."Hi there, first of all I am really impressed by your design! You definitely take good advantage of your materials and found the best way to make it high enough. Especially the outlook is very appealing to the eyes. :) It built upon a simple pattern (triangle upon triangle). It is simple and elegant I would say. (Way much better than mine...)But if I could share my other observations here I will comment more about the process and T-value. It is VERY interesting to notice that almost everyone (I mean you, another student and I) made the same mistake in the beginning. We all wanted to build a  that is solid and tall and we totally ignored its T value. We studied the s, how to make them ""stand up"" so that the  is tall enough. And after a few trials, our excitement and energy drained away and we were satisfied with the last few attempts and never care about the T-value (which is the rating standard). So my suggestion for all of us is to bring the rating criteria in the beginning of the design. But I also share the confusion on how to measure creativity on this project. If we are supposed to design a most creative  , how should we treat the T-value? Which deserves more attention and efforts? And what is the definition of creativity in this project? Different colors? Different shapes of s? Different ways of connecting s? If everyone has different definitions about creativity then how can we measure or rate it on a scale? Although we have this formula to make it precise to measure this product but T-value itself is not creativity...At the same time I have to admit that I am also impressed by your way of solving this ""product development"" problem. You summarized the overall process which make clearly illustrated your thought process and easier for replicate the process later. And reading your reflection about this assignment also very helpful. It reminds me how important it is to be mindful so that we can rest the brain meanwhile allowing the unconscious mind to figure out the key part-connecting the dots we draw earlier.   "Good work. Your  was much taker than mine. I liked the color matching in some of the layers. I feel that your method of stacking was  conventional but it works well.  Marking this submission showed me how well a conventional stacking approach can work. Well done.I enjoy the fact your  looks simple, clean, evenly stacked and awesome at the same time! instead of just stacking s in a pile, your  is less complicated. It's also really tall, too! I  there could have been a couple more s added, but it still looks good. Your  taught me that a  has a less chance of falling, if it's more thought out and not a big mess of a stack.I like how much time you spent honing your design and the extra effort you spent on trying to increase you T value definitely showed.  Having a T value of 19.33 is very high considering a lot of the other designs I've seen.  I'm not 100 percent sure of this myself but the main assignment seemed to be to build the highest  possible and I see you sacrificed some height for an increase in your T value so maybe next time making the t value a secondary metric might be a better approach.  It was nice to see the efficient approach you took to increase the t value of your  and that type of ing will definitely come in handy for future assignments   This  is more imaginative than some, not as imaginative as others. It's a fine example of having a prototype in mind and making it work. I went for height and that exactly what I got.Great Submission. Your instinct to just build without looking at others s first was a good one. I would have rated your attempt hire than a 1 out of 10. I  you are much more creative than you gave yourself credit for. Your use of "a combination of his big and [your] medium and little s" to build a wide and high  was very creative. Especially when you stuck your "smaller s into the foot openings upright to allow [s] to rest against rather than fall outward." I appreciate that you attempted another iteration after taking a look at some of the other s. I encourage you to follow through on your iterations even when they feel like failures. Failures are just information to learn from not to judge yourself by. Re-look at Dr. Jack V. Matson's concept of "Intelligent Fast Failure".Colorful selection of s. Interesting you call your dress s "social s" but the Vans work on top and i like how one is at an angle. I learned that we can be our own worst critic. Your description is amazing. It is so detailed! I can just imagine how tall the structure could have been if you had borrowed some other s. I would have never thought of tying the laces together!"work very hard in the process.have some nice ideas.""Positive: I  that your   is very creative. I love the way that you put it together. I paired my s together in a uniform way, layer by layer. You used yours individually and uniquely, in a manner that was totally out of my scope of imagination. Unique: I like how you stuck them in whatever openings that were available to make it work. It defied the 'uniform' and you created something I would call 'free form'. I like that you used different colored s/sneakers. The  actually looks like it is defying gravity.Revision: The only suggestion that I have that would have made this a little better is if you would have removed the pencil and everything besides the  so as not to distract from it.Education: While I was building my stacked. paired  it seemed to be the only game in town for me, the only way to do it, however I thought to myself, I can't wait to see what other people in class are doing and I purposely did not want to see anyone else's work before I submitted mine. Your work struck me as, ""Oh, I did not know that was an option - to build a single , non-uniformed structure. Thank you for your unique, balanced . I also enjoyed your write up. Keep up the Great work!""Good job! Keeping in the mind 'the tallest""   in the instructions and using boots as your   topper was an excellent idea. It is quite obvious that you kept the instructions in mind when building - excellent. And you used that methodically to solve the problem, that really made me  more about breaking down the instructions to stick with the 'most important' point as oppose to going off on a creative tangent. Good work."Very nice job!  I really liked how you developed your foundation with several s coming together and supporting each other.  I believe the later, made this approach quite unique as well.  The only thing I would have liked to see, is more height.  For me the lesson learned here was to maybe, use more s and make many more attempts to enhance the overall ."Nice structure and good planning in achieving a high T score. Interesting layout of the s and structural work at the bottom.I would've liked to see a higher , but given the high T value and the very nice foundation for your , overall you did a good job on this assignments. Good luck with the course. ""Positive:  I loved the , so much more colorful than mine!  (It helps perhaps to live on a tropical island and to own some high heels...)  It also looks quite stable, not wobbly at all.  Unique:  Using an IKEA box to measure the size of the !  I would never have thought of that.  Very creative.  (NOTE:  when I can't find a ruler I use an old sewing pattern, there is always an inch measure on the side of the envelope.)Revision:  As far as the  is concerned, I can't  of what I might suggest to improve it.  In terms of your self-assessment, you could perhaps go into more detail on your process.  Education:  What I learned from your submission is that sometimes you need to adjust to the resources you have available.  You didn't have any boots, you had s appropriate for a tropical island.  As with everything in life, you work with what you have, not what you don't have.  This holds not only for things, but also for people.  Thanks for helping me reflect on that truth!"My dear Watons.  I enjoyed reading this review of your project.  Very clever.  Unfortunately I can't see a picture and your description didn't paint one for me.  Your fortitude was indeed impressive, I only wish I could see evidence of your efforts. You and your partner did an excellent job by deciding to use a hollowed base to allow for higher stacking. Placing the last  in a vertical position was also a very good idea in order to add height. Both of these ideas were very unique, especially the hollowed base. If there was anything I would recommend changing, it would be trying to reduce the amount of s used in order to improve your T score. Also, using taller/bigger s may have offered additional height as well as aided stability.Your efforts illuminated to me different strategies that I could have used when constructing my own  . Such as the use of a hollowed base. Showing the concept of oppression by drawing larger s stepping on the smaller ones is a valid one and surely easier to draw than to actually build. I  that you put thought into this themed   but maybe you should actually try to build it using your perspective.  More trial and error on would benefit the outcome and your creative experience. You limited your reflection and minimized your effort by doing so.  The  has the potential for more justification.Hmmm, wishing I could see the , there is a blank spot in the top (but I understand because when I posted my photo, it was way out of proportion).  I did catch in your description that you adapted and found ways to built a platform(s) and that sounded like a fast learn.  Good you thought about and utilized color to provide interest."I am proud of my  ! I don't consider myself to be a particularly creative person, especially when it comes to building things, so this assignment was a bit difficult for me, and I am proud of the outcome. I created a stable   that included s of various shpaes, sizes and colors.I  that the most interesting aspect of this submission is the variety of s in the . I did go to great lengths to embellish the show  with different textures, colors and types of s.I  that the   is stable but not beautiful, despite the use of different textures, colors and types of s. I also  that I sacrificed beauty for stability and height of . I  I could have achieved a better-looking  by using s that are more similar in size and shape.I learned that using different colors and embellishments do not necessarily add up to the beauty of the whole. This reinforced the notion of beauty in simplicity for me. This also made me realize just how considerations in functionality and structure can reduce creativity in projects. To be perfectly honest, I  that this is an example of in-the-box ing as opposed to out-of-the-box ing and the resulting compromise in creativity."Your T score is by far one of the highest that I have viewed online.  As comparison mine was only 1.8 and i used 54 s.  I found that your use of slippers was unique in that they gave your   height and "flatness" to balance the heavier tennis.  Your 3 attempts also demonstrates a tenacity to make your visual concept a reality.  I found you realistic in your comparison with other models.  I learned from your  that there are a variety of alternative ways to create height. I  would suggest that building in pairs of complimenting colors.  I may have grounded the  with your pink and gray tennis so the pink anchors and may have used the blue grey loafers instead of the zebra stripes.  The zebra contrast is so different that it draws my eye to the center of your  versus the top..  "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."   Someone else would have a different view.  Good work.This is one of the best that I have seen. Awesome work. I really like the aesthetic symetry of this project.  It's, well, just plain pretty.  I found the mixture of s, and colors to be very attractive.  The three part base made it also very appealing to the eye.  To increase your T, I  it might have been possible to remove the grey set of boots in the back and use one  (maybe with tight laces) to house the two green s and crocs on top of them.  Your creativity might have been curtailed, but your T number would have been higher (e.g. a design compromise).  I learned that peer review is difficult because all of us approach the same problem in a different way, and there really aren't any wrong answers.  It was very interesting to see how another tackled the same challenge."Hi! I like your design especially the top. My interpretation is like if we walk long enough (have more s) in life we could reach every corner of the world! :D Your  also looks very solid and almost symmetric. And it is very high, much higher than mine.At the same time if you don't mind me sharing about my other observations. One thing is about the rating standard of this  . It is not based on its height but on the T value. I tested out a lot of times to make it very high but then I realized that I also sacrificed the T value of my . So I changed my ""construction plan"". Another minor detail that I noticed is that we are not supposed to use any other material added to this  ...I know it sounds very frustrating. I made the same error using a foam inside the boots to make it straight...But you helped me figure out how to lay s together solid and straight. And your plan is definitely the best way to continue to build the highest  . :)""Positive: Your description of the hypothesis/theory to attaining the maximum height for the   shows some understanding of the behavior of structures, and center of gravity of objects.Unique: I  the choice of using the natural materials (cowhide, grass) is unique.Revision: I would challenge you to reflect further on the beauty of your structure. For example, a black and white photo may appear plain, but when looking at one it is easier to notice texture and grain thank on a brilliantly colored photograph. Even without color, you could have beauty in textures and shapes. In addition, you mention a structure height of 27cm, and  a T=7. The number of s is not clear.Education: I learned that it is possible to emphasize certain attributes of beauty by muting other attributes of beauty."The height of the  is good. Additionally, the alternating colors and arrangement are nice. The  looks to be a little safe. Try to achieve a similar height with less s. If you just try that, you may achieve an even more creative and bold . In the future, I will pay even more attention to arrangement like you did. This was wonderfully done!  You focused on the task at hand and ended up with quite a tall  of s.  You didn't sweat the small stuff like the innate weariness the  appearance takes, you did build using a variety of s.  I appreciate your enthusiasm too.I thought the   was aesthetically appealing. I also find it curious how you did not seem to worry about the T formula too much. A critic would be to keep revising even after you found a satisfactory  because you only did this for 12 minutes! I did learn how the willingness to give up on the numbers can lead to a more beautiful  when I looked at your submission. It's cool how your  looks like it's leaning to one side, yet very stable. That makes it a much more visually exciting . I am wondering how many different s you made? Or is this the first (and only) one? If you haven't made more, please try it, you should find that you can change it around. What would happen if you concentrated on making the tallest  instead of making the base stable? Do you  you could build that way?"I like the steadiness of this . It looks both precariously balanced and sturdy. Also, the silver sandals on top give an added fillip to the structure - a nice bit of shine. I really like the balance of the sandals on top of the silver or gray clogs or sneakers.I  the  could have been a little more aesthetic if the right side were a bit straighter, though I know from my own experience how tough that is.This submission showed me a lot on balance and sturdiness, and on how appealing that can be.I give this   a 4 on beauty and a  4 on creativity."Beautiful plant structure shape! The friction idea is really interesting. To prevent collapsing maybe keeping the heaviest s at the base will be helpful? Thanks, I've learned an interesting point of making what you can with what you got.I really like the first design a lot, most people (including my self) wouldn't have even thought of stacking individual s on top of each other rather than pairs of s on top of each other yet you managed to pull it of. I especially like how it slants and juts out of the ground kind of like one of those mini art pieces someone would see in a city. I can't  of anything I would change about it maybe finding a way to get it taller? Great work! "Hello, I love the symmetry of your  . There is great beauty in the symmetry, strength, and balance of your design. I also enjoyed your diagram statement about your design ing. This is a nice graphic touch that helps me understand how you were ing. Well done!Your analysis of the s themselves, the angle of the s, the estimation of height ratio--all unique and intriguing.  I also found that the color scheme set by available material (all s) and the fact that it was monochromatic was interesting to me, especially because you did not state that all of the s were yours--you said that the s were all that were available. I find the synchronicity along with the calculations a very interesting blend of analysis, synthesis, and crystallization. I am impressed that you committed to your first design. There is so much strength in your result due to, as I perceive it, your commitment.I wonder, since it took only two minutes to construct your  with the available three pair of s, and your method was clearly stated what would have happened had you tried design variations with the same materials. Would you have found a height difference? An aesthetic difference? A ""better"" design? What would have happened if you had used an odd number of s?I am amazed by your calculations and your commitment to your first design. So interesting to me. I wonder what would have happened if I had done the same as you, no iterations, only commitment to first design. I am fascinated by the strength and beauty of your work that includes a monochromatic color scheme and a single design.  I learned from you that maybe I don't have to spend so much time ""playing"" with my ideas. Maybe I can commit to the first idea and be cool with it. Maybe I could do that and my designs will be strong and beautiful like yours :-) "Thanks for your submission! It looks like you got pretty good height out of your . I liked the way that you used two columns to provide stability to your uppermost . That was creative.  In terms of improvement, it didn't sound like you spent too much time working on the  or trying different s or possibilities. That might be something to work on next time - trying to  outside the box and see if other options might give you greater height/success/beauty. I agree that your  wasn't "beautiful" but that is perhaps a sacrifice to practicality in terms of height in this case. I enjoyed reading about your families interpretations. I hadn't considered that the   could be representative of something else and seem like art in that way.Liked the description and way to go on the height. Didn't see the picture unfortunately as I was looking to see what all those s looked like.I  I did good because I used many s and I gradually made it higher.  I  mine was unique and interesting because I layered mine in a certain way and did it well.  I  that if I were to do it again I would layer it one layer different because it would be better if I did.  I learned a lot from this assignment, because it made me  and do some hard work."I like the design of your . It looks remarkably stable.I don't  it occurred to me at all while building my  to put the s on their sides. You totally built along that design choice and it seems to have served you really well.I wish you had answered the last two questions. I really would have liked to hear what you had to say on those subjects.My biggest take-away from this is the fact that I really do get stuck in my ing and don't even see how stuck I can be. Of course stacking the s on their sides was an option, but I may never have occurred to me on its own."This is a good looking . I  the utilization of the imbalance of the lid on the container was a good idea to level the base. however, we were supposed to use s only. I learned through this submission, that there are many ways s can fit into each other to build structure. I also realize that utilizing the strength of the  itself is key for structure.You did well to solve the height-number of s task. The highest that I did see."Less is definitely more!  How wonderful to complete the assignment so simply! P:  Your submission makes me laugh, especially since I used many, many s to build a .  There is a Zen quality about your .  Pulls haiku out of me:Old boot standing tallPatient as a Winking at the day.U: Your submission is the most unique I have encountered so far.R: I  the assignment asked for ""s"" so you might have considered using two s.  That would have given you a decent T score with minimal building ""blocks"".  E: Thanks for the surprise!  What you offer is a kind of a gaming of the assignment, but I feel sincerity in your work so won't challenge it.  What I learned most from your submission is that creativity can test the norms and be fun.""Positive: The submission was successful as it focused on the T value as the main listed measurement for the success of the . Unique: I have found that my approach to using one large  was unique as other students did not  about this approach. Revision: The only improvements that I could take would be to use another single larger , or another single  that had more appealing aesthetics.Education: I learned from this exercise that planning and focusing on what the actual task is, in this case the T value, is very important as 'success' can be subjective.  Knowing what you are attempting to achieve is vital in achieving that goal."Wow, 90cms is quite an achievement considering you did it in very little time. I see that you have used a lot of them for the base, I guess you wanted to make it strong. You could have thought about using limited s and see how tall you could go. I liked your top half very much, it looks very good, colorful and different. All the best."I love all of your photos with the the formulas included, and that you sought out the s of other family members and even borrowed a Smartphone. An entire community was inspired to assist in this project.  As an avid hiker and gardener, I love dirty s, so I would give your  a 10 for beauty.  I liked how you tied your creativity rating to your 7 7 out of 7 attempts, but that just makes me want to give you amother 10. It really made me evaluate how we evaluate. Thanks!"I liked the personal comments about what you were ing while doing the exercise. It would have been helpful to have a photo - I had difficulty picturing the final  in my head. From what I understand of the description, though, it seems a very interesting design - very different from what I came up with and with a much higher T number. It seems a completely different approach than what I took."I really like this . It's spare and clever. The colors are great and the construction thoughtful. The  only things I might change would be to add something on top to connect the two s and/or to place the s so as to appear as if someone either just stepped out of them or some other relationship between the two structures.In going over this  ,  I learned to be simple and use good materials. I rate this  as 6 on beauty and 7 on creativity.""Your  is very sturdy and compact. It actually looks cubical. You had some good design ideas that provided the sturdiness: using the flat s at the bottom, the way you interlocked the s for added strength was very good. I do not  I saw a structure in there  s that was as cubical as yours. I like the way the heels at the top are standing around the top of the structure. I like the way the yellow flip-flops at the base pulled stood out. A couple of outliers pulling my attention.I wonder how tall you might of made it had you collected more s. Your base looks so sturdy I  you could have gone higher if you tried. Or what if you experimented with making a smaller base using the same concepts you used to build this first , how high might you go? I would suggest that you experiment with your original structure and design concepts to see where they take you.What I learned through providing feedback was that I had to go back and look at the structure many times to ensure that my feedback was as accurate and helpful. I liked the idea of adding a couple of questions that might drive some experimentation rather than stating what I thought could or should be done."Proving that tennis s really can handle anything, the balancing job you did from the mouth of the tennis s is very impressive! The unique stand-out for me was the red flats and how you used them toward the top of the . The only thing that was a little confusing for me was the three s that appeared to be outside of the  but in the immediate vicinity. I'm not sure whether these were holding up portions or not. I learned that tennies and flat s really can accomplish a lot together."Nice looking  you got there, and made almost exclusively with high heels! I deliberately avoided using high heelsin my  because of the inherent instability.I surprised you  got any hight at all out of your materials, and I found your design to be unique and also quite attractive.I wonder of you could have combined two high heel s together to make something a little more structurally sound. Maybe you could have made building blocks and used the block to get more stability and height. Just a thought.Your T value was 5, and that's pretty good! I also thought your  was aesthetically pleasing.""First, I love the  selection. The glittery stuff looks really cool in there with the more organic-looking s. I also  it's clever the way you stacked the boots inside the hiking s to give height and structure.I  the most unique aspect of the work itself is this interesting juxtaposition of textures and colors. I would imagine this reflects your personality--someone who's at home hiking on a trail or wearing gold very-high heels. I don't see a lot that needs improving, really. You could have tried building a bigger base, maybe, and been able to get a little more height that way. The photo is nice, and maybe you tried this, but it would have been interesting to see you work with the lighting a bit more to bring out all the different colors and textures.Thank you for participating in this. I enjoyed seeing your work, and your efforts helped me  a little deeper into the project as I considered your approach to it."This submission was the best of the two entries reviewed.  Why? This was well-written, provided great detail like the type and rand of s used and covered methods that did and did not work. In future assignments,  try to avoid idioms like "right off the bat" to avoid confusing readers who use English as a second language. I especially like how stable and uniform your  is. It seems so logical. The types of s used impress me - not too many; too bulky; too heavy.  The only constructive criticism I could come up with is maybe a next attempt using the colors to create a pattern. Your  looks like a  Jenga. I am very impressed by this structure and through the peer review process have learned how much I appreciate different approaches to 1 task. Sharing feedback challenges me; I may attempt to redo my  differently to see what happens."Looks great! I  your unique s and slippers make the  more beautiful than you . I also thought that the plant in the background was a fuzzy  on the top of your ! It seems like the nude colored heel doesn't serve much function to the stability of the , and I don't  it adds much in the aesthetics either. Same with the large black boot. I cannot tell if it's aiding in holding up the  or not, but I'd rather see the funky slipper behind it. The stripes in the vertical  draw your eye up to the text, and then, I'm excited with bright teal and purple colors to top it off. I also LOVE the yellow tied laces at the bottom, almost serving as a lock to the door of the . I want to untie it and find out what is inside! I would like it if you expanded a little more on your attempts, failures and what you learned while creating your  . For next time, perhaps make more attempts over the course of a few days; an attempt a day! I found, I created differently each day. I  it is quite aesthetically appealing than other s I've seen, mostly because of the patterns, colors and slippers, and I wonder why you do not like it is that beautiful. Keep working hard and don't be so hard on yourself. Take pride in your work! I  you are doing excellent! " Your  looks simple and neat. you seem to be more analytical than creative given that you gave thought to the foundation from the get go. Since the picture was taken from the top, its hard to grasp its height but it looks nice and hopefully you are able to reach your goals in this course.The  looks sturdy. I did try other techniques to maximize t score. I was concentrated on stability and height of the structure. I learned the most from looking at other structures and reading others approaches. Next time I will try alternate designs and not just repeating variations of the same design. "The strength of this submission was the height of the  achieved. ""TALL"" is the first word that comes to mind as soon as I see it. I don't know if you could have made it any taller with the number and kind of s you have used. Your rating for creativity and beauty is too low. You did way better than that. Your  could be quite unstable - but at the same time - your goal is evident - ""to achieve a high T value"". You definitely did a good job. ""It is good to know that you have built your  more than 100 cm. It is really pity that you do not provide a picture. I am really interested to see your design but it is difficult for me to  about it just through your words. "I wish I could have seen a picture, as I too thought about the how to in order to make it work. I liked your idea of finishing it with high boots, not only do you get more height, it sounds aesthetically pretty. I wonder if you had used more s would you have felt it was "prettier"? As you said this was a science, therefore it was an opportunity to take a theory and make something with it, which you did. By reviewing your submission I was able to reconsider how to simplify something to get a good outcome. Thanks.The photo is fuzzy.  At first glance, the  is interesting because of the one upright boot.  The boot in the middle, with the  sticking out of the top is the most unique aspect of this  pile.  The inclusion of the red striped s gives it a touch of color.  The base is drab and workmanlike - not very artistic.  It could have been made better by being more "constructed" rather than just have the organic, thrown together look.  That look doesn't fit with the boot on top.  Evaluating my own work after looking at that of others helped me see things I could have done differently, and appreciate the unique aspect in my own submission.Great job on your  !  You and I had similar thought processes in that I used heavier s at the base and wanted to establish a solid platform.  It seems like you really thought about how the structure could be the most effective.  I , too, because of the type of s you used, it's funky looking (in a good way)!  I struggled with mine as well because some of the practicality wasn't as pretty, but I  yours looks cool!  From seeing other submissions, I have found that there were ways to make a solid  by using even fewer s.  I saw a submission in which someone used high heels (which I stayed away from ing they were too difficult to stack) and a beautiful, solid, tall structure was created. You and I were very similar in our thought processes.  I'd be curious to find out what your creative style is. :-) You seemed to  about a solid structure while keeping it aesthetically pleasing. I enjoyed reading your submission and seeing your thought process.  It made me feel like I had a like-minded colleague in the course.  Congrats and continued success to you!"Gorgeous!  Each structure a masterpiece of spontaneity!P: Love the concept of building in pairs, taking two s, mirror images of each other and even though they are actually separate items, treating them as one unit.U:You have achieved poetry in the randomness of your  choices and how you put them together for the .R: Perhaps some experimentation with linking your s lego-like - toe into foot opening - might have given you some additional height.E: I love that creativity can be achievde with the random application of s as you demonstrate with your  !  I love that you uploaded a picture for each of your tries - brilliant!  Thanks!""The idea of constructing a square pillar with s is interesting. The description of your   was quiet clear. Since you had  a problem uploading the picture of your  , I was not able to judge further. I found the way you described the usage of s interesting. I appreciate your confidence.Square pillar with s is a great idea but you can try other ways in constructing your  . Giving feedback feels great. I was able to learn to judge and give suggestions.  I feel more confident after this exercise. "Your  is one of the prettiest I've seen. I've looked at quite a few in the discussion forums but I  yours in the only one that uses only high heel s. High heels are probably the most difficult to stack, perhaps yours would have been taller if you had used some other types of s. If I ever build another  I will grab some of my wife's high heels to make it look fanciers. I  that I explained the overall process of making the  pretty, and I tried to convey my overall experience through my writing. I'd say that my overall descriptions are unique since they are in-depth. Looking back on it, I  I could've made a better , but I'm still happy with one I submitted. Overall, this was a good first step in the right direction for me.I loved the happy colors and how the s seem like they moving! Well done!"I admire how carefully balanced the s in your photo are. It looks as though you may tried many times. Good for you! I am curious about how you were able to hold the top  in that position. I wonder if the  would have been higher if a wider base had been created. Because the written text was in Chinese, I used Google translate to understand. That was a first for me. I realize that I was looking at the  as an object of art as opposed to an engineering task. "I love the approach taken to this . it was understood that the base was important to maintain the height and balance of the . one thing that I found interesting was the balance of the  without each layer being level. I do feel the  could have used a little more structure in the base mainly in the center. Through this submission I learned that creativity and the use of that creativity doesn't always bring forth the desired results.It was very clever!  I like the stacking method of the boots, and of course the coup de grace of the one boot on top.  You did a wonderful job, and I couldn't  of any recommendations."Dear Dianne,to start with, having a mental image of what wants to be accomplished is helpful and very powerful. Second, ing of a solid foundation is always the key for a strong structure. Your ing/design is a metaphor for life. It has balance, and it is colorful and unique. Although you looked at other designs, you believed in yourself more than anything else and trusted the guidance. Koodos!! Also, you know you are creative and enjoy it, and although  you had set backs; your  collapsed several times, you knew you would achieve your goal with persistence and determination. Keep moving forward and keep trusting."This seems like a very stable  , I like the structural design of creating a square base and stable foundation.  Also creating essentially a square base with the one boot in the center reminds me of some of skyscrapers you might see.  Good for you for re-building.   I would be interested to see if you could have fit the matching boot upside down into the boot at the top to increase your height- just curious.An aside, I'm not sure what your goal for a creativity level is for the future, I would ask for you to answer all of the questions in the exercises if you can.   I was surprised that each attempt took only five minutes - you must have more of an engineering mind than I as mine kept falling apart in my first attempts. The structural elements of your  were quite lovely to see."Hello Classmate,Congrats for your !! I feel you had fun building it and had placed a lot of thought into the design; you knew exactly what you wanted to achieve. Indeed, it is balanced, colorful and well organized. I like how the s were distributed. The  laces served a purpose, but   they would also be considered strings, which were not to be included in the project. Also, you gave yourself and your design a high score. Good for you!! You know you are creative and you acknowledge it to yourself. Although you used the comparison method to score yourself, know that there is no one else like you. No one else would have come up with a design like yours. Maybe similar, but not the same.You have a unique design. I am glad to have met you through this exercise and to be sharing this course with you. There is always room to discover more of our creativity, develop it and share it with others."Great ! I really liked the narrative that conveys your ...even though part of the guidelines were to use only s...I don't have much information since you didn't answer all the questions. to me is a beautiful  is casual conveys a meaning (casual s taking you to have some drinks...etc)"Positive: I love how you connected the s and the experience of building the  to elements and memories from your life. Throughout my own process, I never once saw them as anything other than s. Unique (or interesting): A bit related to my first point, I was struck by the sense of fun you conveyed in your reflection. Revision: Because there was no picture, I have a hard time envisioning your  from the description. More importantly, my view of the assignment is that we were supposed to experiment more and fail frequently. It is, after all, one of the main points of the whole course. From your description, it sounds like you selected one strategy, and tried it 6 times until you got it to work. If you had pushed yourself and allowed yourself to fail more, and make real changes as a result of those failures, you might have been able to achieve an even better  than you did. Education. I learned that you can judge the creativity of the solution by doing more than simply looking at the novelty and height of the . If the s represent something meaningful, then those representations become part of the , giving it more meaning and making it more creative.""Your messages about continuously trying to improve were very encouraging! And your idea about using a triangle shape at the base was insightful.While English may not be your first language, keep practicing. At times, the wrong verb tense was used. I'd hate for your great ideas to be misunderstood or dismissed because readers couldn't comprehend your written language."I'm very proud of mine, both because I  it fulfills the assignment and because it re-interpreted the assignment in an unexpected way. I'd rather hear what others have to say about it.I thought is was a very beautiful structure. Once getting started I considered the style and weight of the s for leverage in building the toward upward but most importantly keeping it from falling over too fast. I really only wanted to do this once. I would say, that the structure was more wide than tall and I could have used less s to build a taller  had I kept the instructions of "tallest " in mind. I got off on a creative tangent once the process began and thought 'creative ' and not 'tallest '. I will definitely learn to address instructions given more methodically by rereading them to break out the most important points for a higher level of success, while using my creative abilities to make things pretty.I really like your ! Very impressive how you got all the s to make such a sturdy base. I ran into trouble on that myself! I  once of the best things about this project is how much fun it ended up being and that others around us wanted to participate as well. Having your wife help you is a great way to bond with others and to make it even better. Your t-score was good also, and the  is aesthetically pleasing. I like the blue sandal crown also. Nice job!"I like you  a lot, and I believe I remember seeing it in the forum thread for people to share their work.  It was also cool to see the author of this architectural marvel right there in the photo.  And other than one question I have (about the ""stuffing"" s), you did a pretty good job also of explaining your process.I felt you very much underrated your creativity in this project.  In all the photos of show s I saw, there were very few (mine being one of those few, so I was keeping my eye out for it) which latched upon the idea of using the L shape that you describe.  I'm a little unclear on the ""stuffing "" as differentiated from the two s involved in the L  I'm not sure, but that seems to be an idea I didn't explore, so I'm interested in what it was.  At any rate, your major design element of the Ls was used by very few others, and with it you constructed a pleasing  with some nice symmetry and a really elegant finish at the top with the boot balanced on top of an upside-down heeled sandal.  I might have bumped your ""beauty"" score up a notch or two just for that.Good job.  Thanks!"I regret that having no picture and a combination of non-native speaking English and some latin language (perhaps Spanish?) that I do not understand significantly limits my ability to provide constructive feedback. The  itself is beautifully abstract and the way you moved the same s around to achieve greater height was very creative. "I like how you thought about stability and support, especially how you placed the pink (Puma?) s--in an effort to get the s to be as tall as possible, I  a lot of people neglected to  about making the thing stand up long enough to take a picture (I certainly disregarded that, initially). I'm also impressed by your T value, which is pretty high. I  it's unique that you decided to build up the inner structure with the boots, then build outwards; again, I did this the opposite way, and I find your method to be innovative when you have a small or moderate amount of s.However, I criticize your use of the high heels - though they are convenient to stick into the boots, are they really that efficient? I understand you had less s to work with, and it was probably necessary to use these and make use of limited supplies, but they could have been used in a more efficient way, I . Perhaps use the height of the heel end of the s in the base? I'm a fan of wearing the s to make me taller, and you may as well use them for the same purpose! : )Although your reflection was a bit short, you put thought into this, and it really reminds me of how having a small amount of supplies may actually help spur on innovation; I had many s, and ended up with designs with very low T values. Good job on your , keep it up!"I  it was interesting how you put much thought with where the s went and how to layer it.  I  yours was unique because you put much thought to ing about it and that you used high heels, which I  many people didn't use.  I  if you were going to redo it, I would maybe try to try different layers.  I learned a lot from this and from your theories in your abstract.The submissions I reviewed from other students didn't contain a picture so I'm happy mine does.  I didn't plan much and I didn't make more than 2 attempts to make my  higher.  I have learned that other students put much more effort into their projects than I did."I love the way you've structured this , and it's clear that you put thought into this, as well as many revisions. Not only did you make it stand up with a high T value, it looks pretty good, more so than most others' piles of mismatched s; kudos to you. The way you've used only the s that were needed (I see how you left the unnecessary ones to the side) and only when they were crucial for the structure's height or stability shows how your resources were used efficiently and to the greatest advantage. (And, as a side note, those purple s are great.) Your  is unique in the way you set up four 'columns', then joined them together to form a more stable and T-value-efficient structure; I'd say your creativity and beauty values are somewhere closer to an eight than a six or seven.To increase the T value, perhaps you could have tried making the structure stand with a base of three sets of s in a ring, as opposed to the squarelike base you've used. The current layout, though well done, doesn't leave any room for improvement or adding s.I'm impressed by your restraint and attention to detail in this piece--using only the s that were crucial, and in the most efficient manner possible--and this reminds me of how important those qualities are when coming up with new ideas or solving a problem. I personally had a large amount of s for my , and, in my attempt to use them all, I got a really low T value and simply threw them all on the structure. Great job with the ; keep up the good work!""I really like how you worked with your family to explore multiple options; exploring many design options often leads to the best overall designs. I also really liked the way that you framed the process that you took and included a "" discovery"" to understand what was available to you.One of the things that I thought was very unique and creative about your design was the extended buttresses at the bottom of your  to widen the footprint. that didn't occur to me at all but it is an interesting archtectural detail!Maybe for your next  you could take the successful parts of your sons's and your designs to make it even larger and more beautiful.Overall I am glad that I saw your submission because it showed me interesting ways to support the base of the .""Firstly, I would like to say that the end-result was very clever in the way the sandals seemed to form the ""legs"" in the boots. By using almost the full length of the sandals gives this  its height which adds interest, as well as, the different colors and textures adding further interest. The boots add a grounding to the  that certainly shows stability and gives it a masculine feel. I would suggest to use different heights and/or widths of sandals to give it a little more variety. Perhaps by using the straps of the sandals to connect them together will make the  feel like one piece rather than two separate s. Your creative way of using the sandals to stand on their ends in the s was very smart and showed that these otherwise flimsy s could be strengthened to be the ""steel body"" of the  sculpture. I find that your idea was so very different than my own. You went for height and stability but with an air of lightness."My favorite part of this exercise was to watch my 2 year old and to really observe what she was doing stacking s together. She is much more creative than I am and her idea of putting s vertically in another  was what made this   so interesting. If I had to do this again, I would go to a  store and borrow some rigid boots! I have learned to respect creative differences between two very different people and how really observing someone who s so differently from myself can contribute to the final product in such a wonderful way.The willingness to experiment is what stands out in this submission to me.  Starting with a 'brainstorming' session with limited materials, and later building with more materials and reflection time seems like a good idea.  The overall height of the  is impressive, but an exact measurement would have made comparison easier.  I see again in this submission what my own lacked:  a willingness to go beyond symmetry and order.Pretty high T value, lots of height with minimal s. Went with practicality over design. Critical - could have used some creatively arranged flip flops at the top for decoration. I learned that not everyone interpreted the assignment the same way."Very nice structure,  nicely balanced and full of meaning. Good hight and T score, undoubtedly aided by the structure of the .The structure is pretty unique by departing the classical pyramid/pile approach - good job here. It would be interesting to see other structures made with these same s. There are numerous other ways to arrange the s which are worth exploring. ""Using all black s for the body of the  made it interesting, allowing the contrasting s on the very bottom, and especially the red flip-flops on the top to really stand out. The use of the silhouette to create a picture (the Energizer Bunny) was creative. Also I like the balanced  near the top, the one with the flip-flops inside it (the head of the Bunny).This  looks somewhat higgledy-piggledy and could have had better organization. In addition, the blackness of the structure makes it somewhat hard to see.I learned how tricky it is to achieve balance. Also, I learned to have fun with creativity and work. The more you play, the better the result, even if you go back to earlier ideas."your sons s at the top brought a smile to my face.  It is hard for me to tell what how tall your  is, how many s and what the value of the metric is because you did not really answer that question. i would give it a 5You did pretty well on this assignment, in my opinion."It sounds like you had a good idea with the square shape. It sounds like you put some thought and work into the project.I  the shape you were going for sounds interesting. I wish i could have seen your .From the way you described it, it sounds like you went for the square shape on each level. I'm wondering how it would have worked if, instead of having each level parallel, they had alternated between square and diamond shapes.I like your ing. I wish i had thought of something similar to what you suggested here. Good job."Good to know you tried your best to introduce shapes and colors and that you learned a lot. All the best.for your upcoming projects as well...Love it! you've taken a practical approach to this assignment and I enjoyed reading of your earlier practice with card s. I like the elements you use and approach. How would you have written this assignment? would you put any parameters in place to limit the number of materials, s, styles etc?"I  that you are naturally analytical in your thought process. It's too bad that you didn't have more s, because I  that you could've built a higher  if you had more supplies.I like that you wrote about your failure using your ""card "" structure and how you had to shift your mindset to make the changes.I just wish you had more s to build something higher! (I know you could.)In building your  , you put more thought into the function of the supplies than I did when I built mine. I feel like you had a more analytical approach whereas mine was more ""organic"". I  that I can learn more and do better when I  harder about the tools I have on hand.""Every time I tried building this , I learnt a few more techniques to arrange s. Then I was lucky enough to have different type and style of s to make it look prettier. And the final outcome is prettier than my first attempts. The best and unique part was the organization of long boot in tilted way to make it look good. The top s was the idea to make it look different than regular  . There is a lot of places where I could have improved the design by placing better s at the base to make it stronger and taller. Self evaluation is one of the tough part according to me. Because I was more of a critique instead of admirer of my own work. But I guess that is the first step towards improvement."Unique: this approach is kind of unique and takes a short cut to complete the experiment. it is smart to take a unusually way to finish it. I was trying to use many s to put the pile higher, but your way is also right, I guess.Very well done  and very well presented.  I thought your concept of nesting the s to form a circular "chain" forming the base of your  was excellent. I thought your efforts on this exercise were very successfully and artfully fruitful."More than 1 meter is a great height for a stable s , congrats. I miss a picture to evaluate how beautiful the  is and maybe suggest improvements. A picture is more than 1000 words."My first impression was - WOW!  I love the symmetry and the open structure.  It looks almost like a bridge, or a Roman viaduct.  Really great.  I really like the way it looks very engineered - like bridge trestles.  The open structure is very unique - a terrific idea.  The whole is so symmetrical that the only suggestion I can make would be to make the top 3 s into a more symmetrical part as well.  Perhaps the point was to veer from the symmetry and create an artistic flourish at the top of an engineered marvel.  Either way, I never would have thought to do it this way, with the open work.  Very creative!  This taught me to stray a bit from my first impression of what an object "should" look like.Wonderful! Your explanation is insightful to the approach you took to complete this assignment, and I like your perspective to using earthy tones. If you were to take this challenge again, what would you do differently? how would you have written this assignment?"You were able to create a great structure of boots.  I love that you used the strongest, most stable boots on the bottom growing up to the (non work) boots on top.  The structure had a great earthiness.The most unique part of your  is the dynamic sense of movement you were able to create.  I loved the way the upper part looks as though it's flowing in the wind.If I were to suggest any changes, it might be to use some children's boots to create color or a sense of new growth?  Yet, I'm very happy your choices, as it has a feeling of expectation of spring after a long winter.Overall.. I'd give your structure a higher grade for creativity than you did.  It has height, a story, transitions nicely, has balance and movement.  It meets all the requirements of the project.Is it possible that you graded yourself lower in creativity because you were more focused on the task of balance and height."What an intriguing and innovative approach. You refused to be bound by a strict interpretation of the challenge. You emphasized maximum effect over manipulation of a maximum number of objects. Your choice of symmetry and projection of motion are laudable. You may have missed out on the benefit of manipulating more objects and you might want to try anyway but I  your choice of this approach is innovative. Your imagery of the shadow is excellent as obviously so is your use of lighting. I consider myself fortunate to have viewed what I consider to be a very unique  solution to this exercise. Congratulation and thank you.I enjoyed that you approached this more as an art sculpture than as a . Focusing on the aesthesis of the shadow and adjusting the s to achieve the shadow you wanted was very creative. I'm not sure that measuring the shadow was the correct format for measuring the T value but I  it's interesting that you even thought to do so. Perhaps you could try sandwiching a fourth  in between the other three at the top to elongate the rocket shadow as well as increasing the overall   height? Something lightweight like a slipper or water  might work. Thank you for opening my eyes to another way I could have viewed my own  ."My structure had some elements that set it apart from the submissions I reviewed - some good (interesting structural support), and some not so good (a serious need for editing). My color choice was a bit haphazard, but it didn't look monochromatic. I'm still very proud of the buttress of inserted s. It added architectural elements as well as weight balance. Next time, I really need to have an eye toward editing. A high-risk game of  Jenga seems in order here. As long as a heel doesn't put my eye out. Although I had a lot of fun, and made several attempts, I did rush through it a bit more than I should have. Next time I will end up playing with the project rather than exclusively work towards the end results. ""I like elegant, clean and well balanced design of your . Thanks for sharing your . I learn to build a better  as I failed several times like you were going through several attempts. By keep building and failing, I was able to build my  that I liked the most, too.""Loved your submission.  The  was very nostalgic and had a genuine quality.  Maybe because of the color and style of s.  I would challenge you not to over creativity, let it flow, let it happen, jump right in.... Later you can analyze improve, tweak and adjust. I learned a lot from your insights and I  that in depth perception you have will help you get a lot out of this course.  Keep diggin' deeper and keep sharing these insights.  For me - I learned that getting younger people involved gives you a boost of energy - I involved my 2 year old daughter and we did THREE QUICK Fails and produced something really cool.Dont assume the obvious - The heavier s don't always have to be on the bottom.I have way too much - I now will donate some s :-)Hope you have a great time in this course and keep creating magic!!!"Thats some good height per ! Good job, Jack! 7.125! It's interesting that I only used one  per row instead of two, like I've seen from most submissions. It was unintentional because I had limited s, but now Its my favorite part. Funny how your limitations can ultimately be your saving grace. I should try to stack more s vertically next time though. I might have been a bit harsh on myself, after reviewing two of my peers' assignments, I learned I need to be more confidant in my abilities. After looking over some submission on the discussion boards, I must say, you have the largest T value I have seen. The sparkle  on top really adds that extra shine to the beauty of your . Perhaps you can look at creativity as a process and not as something a person possess, then perhaps the project would be seen as a mental exercise instead of a "task". Your thouight going into this was great, I only put about 3 hrs of thought into mine and that may be why my T score was only a 4.Really nice  !! I love the idea of putting that touch of pink. In my opinion, it would have been nice to replace the light brown s closer to the bottom with black ones. I definitely learned something new in the way that you organized the layers.I like the final tip of wearing a mask or having febreeze nearby. :)  Very clever using the s on their sides!   Using the heavier s as a base was probably a good idea and having a variety of sizes probably helped with that too.  I actually discovered in my  that the heavy s in the middle helped to anchor the  a little bit.  Thanks for sharing your work!"Comparing my work to the other submissions I would say my  incorporated the overall aesthetic the best. I could have focused on the height more, but I chose design over height.I learned from this assignment not to overlook everyday objects and you can find balance and harmony in anything.""Terrific!A great understanding of how to use the best and fewest number of s for the greatest outcome!P: Love the technique of the smaller s ""connecting"" together the taller boots, and that this proved to be stable!U: Your submission is tall!  It smacks of tallness and yearning for even greater heights.  Really cool that you achieved height and stability!R: It's cool, but completely "Your  is surprisingly tall for its width.  I was unable to get enough stability that way, so you must have a better way to balance the s than I found. I agree that your  is beautiful and that you were creative.  However, I would say you get a high creativity score not because you spent a lot of time on it, but because you found a variety of ways to use the s.  As for remembering to count, I counted as I took the  apart because I was busy ing about too many other things while I was building it!The  is lovely considering it's never easy to build such a vertical  without a very broad base. The balance appears impeccable. But an advantage of a broader base would've been that it might be possible to show more patterns in the . Also any additional props on top of the  could have added further to the beauty factor.Great job using the s' physical properties in a way that was advantageous. The "kickstand" element adds a bit of flare and apparently some functionality, but perhaps if the value you sought was indeed "max height" that  could have been used differently (vertically) to truly achieve that value relative to the number of s used. In summation, the  is a reminder that throughout the often cluttered creative process we should be mindful of the readily available value of clean simplicity."I really enjoyed this submission and the level of detail the author provided into his thought process, action steps and reflections of his work. It was nice to hear about the failures, as well as the successful design (and especially creative to use his son's height when a ruler was not available! Bravo!)Although the wife's feedback is referenced, I would have liked to hear exactly what she thought of the design(s).This submission was especially strong. The only suggestion I would have liked to hear more about the user's value of the various evaluative criteria - was structure more important than beauty, why?  I also appreciated the methodical approach of this user - making sure each level was stable until moving to the next - and the fact that he/she reviewed other student's work and solicited feedback from family. ""Positive: I enjoyed the vertical feel of this  . The warm color transitions are a nice touch (the yellow-orange-red slip ties the colors together). Unique: The method of nesting/interfacing  within a  is unique and appears successful!Revision: Hindsight is 20/20 - I appreciate the commitment to executing your plan (since you wanted to get this right in the first go). I did observe the learning process that you described - I would recommend, if you can commit more time, to understand what alternative methods may be available.Education: I learned that as an individual, I am limited to what alternatives and methods are available/discoverable to me within a limited time. The scope of alternatives/possibilities will grow in a team of people with different experiences. I also learned that I should attempt this excercise in a  store to increase the available pallet of  interfaces and color!""What an awesome .   I subscribed to the forum so I have looked at a lot of pictures of  trees.   I like this one.  The symmetry is very appealing and the building block idea was a great idea.   Even though you had to compromise the building blocks that was a great springboard to coming up with a solution of platforms.  i liked the fact that you considered multiple options - I would have never come up with a compression .....or the one- idea.Widening the base of the  was pure genius.   It solved a problem that I saw a lot of us struggling in the forum with - how to keep it from falling over.    The dangling  strings towards the top are kind of interesting too - they give it almost a signature look. As you noted, there are other things you could do if you were focused on a higher ""T"" rating like stuffing a light- (slipper?) in the top  for the extra centimeters.   You might have tried tying some of the s together to stiffen the especially upper layers so you could add ""....one more ...""Looking at  your , I see that you really did focus on building an aesthetically pleasing .   I managed to get carried away with focusing on the ""T"".... and it wasn't a gradable requirement.    I  I'll have to be more careful in the future to focus on the important and let the distractons take care of themselves. ""In comparison to the three peer assignments I evaluated I  that my submission is very strong. The  is tall, the T value is relatively high, and the my responses to the questions are thorough.My  design is pretty unique, and the building block concept is pretty strong.My  could have been more beautiful. It also could have been taller, even using the same design.I learned a lot in the making of the , and I also learned a lot in evaluating other student's submissions.""I was really impressed with both your   and your reflections.  First of all, you really put a lot of effort into the task (more than me and 2 others I evaluated.)  You thought about it quite logically in terms of support.  It was too bad your wife wouldn't give you some high heels in the name of creativity, but honestly, I did have some and didn't find them very easy to work with.I liked the way you timed and characterized your attempts.  Perhaps you are an engineer or work in process improvement?I understand why you  it isn't the most beautiful , but I thought it was interesting the way you put the s inside of s - it actually looked kind of like a modern art sculpture in a way.  And then the  on the top is awaiting its owner.The other amazing thing is your carpet is identical to the one in my home office that I am looking at right now.  I'm wondering if you also live in North Carolina, but you have so many boots that you must live somewhere colder.I applaud you for a very well-done exercise and entertaining submission!"Great  .  Very solid base to build up from.  Looks like you persevered and hope that this can continue into the future.  Good Work.I like how you were not limited to using pairs. It is not a traditional rectangle  but rather a  sculpture. Turning some of the s upside down seems to make the structure more stable while adding an interesting element to the overall aesthetics. The boots are a good idea, this makes me wonder if the structure could be taller if there were more used or other s of various heights. I wish I had used the same method you used to measure the beauty of the , though I  2 of the 3 may have been too tough, it is a   after all. I like the multi-layer cake metaphor, and your criss-crossing your s made for what looks like a pretty stable structure.  It is leaning, though, and I wonder if it is like the Leaning  of Pisa?   Surely it will stand up for a long time, but eventually . . .?  I have seen pictures of cappuccino bread but none that look like your description.  Id love to see it!  You might have gotten more height if youd stood the top s up straight.Your   looks great! I like that there are s with a variety of different colors, so it looks colorful. I recommend maybe taking out some s, and stacking a little more neatly, so you can reach a higher height! Your  taught me that the best way to make a  , is to make it look similar to a pyramid, and it can stack well. Awesome job!"I love the fact that the  builder considered the design of an Egyptian pyramid. Why reinvent the wheel if you can draw from a job already well done. And I liked the way the builder relied on a pattern to build one layer, and then the next, and then the next.The uniformity of design, for me, was unique. Also of interest was the fact that the varied colors in the  came from the soles, rather than the tops, of the s. I'd be curious to see what would happen if the builder took a hand off the top. Would it topple? I'd like to see a photo of it standing there by itself.I learned to consider models for s that have worked for people in the past."My project shows that I was committed to using all of my creative abilities to build the  . The description of my trail and error process was comprehensive. Other people evaluated the work and gave me feedback. I am an innovative er and my approach to this problem is evidence of that. This assignment, as done by me, deserves high marks.You got a very tall  and good T value. I miss a picture to see how it looks and how beautiful is. Experiments and fails are important part of the creativity and innovation process."Looks like you got a good height for your  in a stable structure.Definitely it would be great to see a picture of your  to evaluate how beautiful is it and maybe recommend how to improve your results. I learn that creativity and innovation mantra applies to this exercise: important to dedicate long time to experiment, it's the first step.""I like the second picture.Especially the ""arched door"" part."You used great ingenuity by alternating your s so that they made your  look great but not fall down.  It looks likje a statue.  I loved your use of white sneakers. I loved your use of putting a black  on top of the last white one and then the pink flip flop.  It showed great contrast.  In evaluating your   I learned how I can use different colors of s to enhance my own tree.  "Very clever, to combine the s in such a way as to keep them all clean. The striped s in the middle give it a bit of pizazz and creating a double , thus making the whole structure sturdier, was a nice move.The pictures are dark and hard to see clearly. One more , connecting the two s, might have been aesthetically pleasing.I would not have thought of keeping my s clean, and I learned from the way the submission was layered to do so in a way that kept the structure very sturdy. Having started with two feet near each other myself, it's interesting to see how differently these stacks were created.I rate this submission at 4 for beauty and 5 for creativity."I hear you about the patience part of being creative but WOW!! what a great  .  The color scheme is amazing.  I  it was truly worth the sweat you put into making such a masterpiece.  I am impressed with the organization of the s.  They are not just piled up but they are neatly placed giving semblance and order to the  .  This order and neatness was very impressive.  You deserve 9 rating your gave yourself.You have achieved a brilliant sculpture of s only adding to the creativity by the name you give it "Look At The Stars." You did a great job of giving your six s height and interest. Your title and description give it an almost animated feel. As if the  at the top was seeking her "sole" in the stars. Sometimes it is not always just what you see but what it is perceived. I feel your description of your   is almost a narration of the story that is going on giving it a humanity. The only suggestion that I would make to improve this  would be to find a way to show the beauty of the middle s. They are the only s that are not positioned to highlight their beauty. I learned from your  that you do not need to have many pairs of s to make a  that has interest and a story. Nicely done!Impressed with how straight and rectangular your  is. It does look sturdy.  I  you are humble with your assessment of yourself. I learned that we had a similar approach in some ways and different in others.The   constructed looks to be very stable and uniform. The final method used to create the  shows good balance and resulted in a respectable T value of 4.78. I find it very interesting that only tennis s were used and perhaps only Nike s. I  it was great way to show uniformity in the design. A couple of things that I would do with this same design would be to add more s, it would be impressive to see at least 10 levels or more. Another thing that would add to the aesthetics of the design would be to group the s based on colors, perhaps going from colorful s to all white. Overall, it's a great design and I would use something similar to have a strong structure. Being able to see this submission reminded me that tennis would give the design a "strong" look and the flatness of the soles would provide the best foundation. I feel you have created a very structurally sound and stable . I can see that your approach was methodical and logical, which shows that you put forth effort and thought into your creation. The overall appearance of your  is very pleasing to the eye. It seems to be quite symmetrical and stable. The idea of creating the platform and rotating the 90 degrees was very creative and offered a unique design. This alternating pattern reminded me of the structure of a metal chain and as I previously mentioned seemed to be a rather strong structure. I feel as if your structure could have have achieved greater height if you would have continued on with this same pattern. I do question if you ran out of available s. I  that you also could have incorporated different types, sizes and varieties of s. Overall, I feel that you have created a success and if I were to re-do my own project I would attempt to incorporate your symmetrical and methodical approach as compared to my more random approach. Kudos for finishing the assignment in the prescribed amount of time considering your time constraints. The photo that was submitted was black and white so I am not able to comment on the aesthetic value of color but what I do see is a very neatly organized  .  It seems to be solid in its construction.  It was very clever to put a  straight up at the top of the  for that last little bit of height.  It would be very interesting to see what you could do with the   if given a little more time.  Your honesty about your submission is refreshing.  I applaud you for even taking the course considering all the other demands upon your time.  Your   is especially unique because of the tall black boot at the top. I that it was interesting in that you used lots of different kinds and colors of s. My only critique is that it looks messy, like it could have been a bit better organized for structure and form. However, since I learned from your writing that you were an engineer trying to be creative and not calculate, I imagine this was a great and fun exercise for you."Great !  I also liked your reflection.  You also gave some good tips! ""1. heavy s are proper for bottom and lighter for top2. Heel s are proper for top as its heel can put in free space of bottom . 3. I use cube method as I  it has a better results""I liked how you worked on height (cube method) and yet were careful with  color.  I also  your cube method helped with aesthetics....your  looks very neat and tidy.I'm sorry but I don't have suggestions for improvement....I  you did a great job.  I learned a lot from your submission because your reflection was very instructional.  Thank you!"I greatly appreciate the view into your ing process and see where you thoroughly analyzed this assignment! I value you the detail you provided and the assessment of the result. These strengths can also obscure the learning that you had, however and made it more challenging for me to find my own learning. Stay focused and you will continue to innovate!Sound logical reasoning. The use of logic in constructing the  is a well thought about idea. But the logic seems to be neglected in the  after the first few layers. What creates beauty is symmetry. Overall, nice structure.Like me, it looks as if you felt sandals and running  would be safe bets for stability. Turning the s upside down was a good idea. The   with high heels was colorful and helped you reach new heights. Like Maria, a broader base may have kept the  from falling over. I admire your creativity in trying different kinds of s.It appears that you put a lot of thought into building the  and that you love coffee as much as I do. I like that you used a variety of s from multiple individuals and that you tried a few different ways to build your . Perhaps you could raise up the strap on the uppermost  to increase the height? Or wedge it on end, between the other s, to make it more of a point at the top? I really like how you saw something other than a  when you looked at your creation. Thank you for reminding me to see more than just a  of s.This peer presents a highly structured approach to creating a   accompanied by very detailed reporting of the process used and the outcome. The imposition of a "windy day" factor was quite a creative creative touch! While the  might have reached higher with a few less rules, I appreciated the inclusion of inhibition as a major built-in constraint and the effort that must have been required to build any  at all. In this project, I saw an iteration that was nearly a direct opposite of my own submission and learned a great deal more about writing detailed steps.You did a great job altering your approach to improve on your original design. The idea to use s with heels was excellent and definitely hoped to improve your T score. Also, the way you chose to stack the s was brilliant. The only suggestion I have for improvement is to maybe be even more daring and try to stack even more s for greater height. I also  you deserve at least a 7 for creativity because your ideas were great. I learned from you that I should have taken more of a risk when stacking my s, and used less s to increase my T score. All in all, you did an amazing job. "Whether or not it was intentional, I have appreciated the fact that your photo is sideways. I keep having to tell myself that you have not, in fact, achieved an amazing feat of gravity manipulation.One thing I find unique and interesting about your approach is that you aimed for the lowest T value you could get. I  I sort of automatically assumed that I should want as HIGH a T value as I could get. Of course, there is nothing whatsoever in the assignment that points to that. The assignment gave no indication that we should be aiming for one or the other. It simply never occurred to me that a low value could be preferable.I  you are being WAY too hard on yourself in the aesthetics department. Your  is certainly not the ugliest thing *I* have ever seen. I like how the top and bottom portions are dark and almost monochromatic, but you have that splash of bright color in the middle.One thing I have learned is that I sometimes take really small and basic things for granted without even being aware that I am doing so. Case in point: the value of the T value. I'm looking forward to being more aware of my own assumptions.""I really liked the triangle concept and can see how that structure would be a good building shape to work with. I'm interested to see what the   really looks like when you start stacking triangle on top of each other.  Does the  stay stable? How so?Your ""mathematical model"" was interesting but I imagine that working with real s would have proved more difficult than drawing triangles. So each side of the the triangle is a ? A picture would have really helped me to understand.I  you could have spent a little more time explaining in detail how your model worked, I didn't fully understand what you meant by plies.  Again, I would have loved to see a picture.Maybe I'll play around with a triangle shape for my next  , I hadn't thought of that. Thanks for the inspiration!"Wow! That  looks very artistic. I agree that stacking the s that you used as if they were blocks simply wouldn't work. I like how you linked together the flip flops. The design is one that I  is very imaginative and rather elegant."I liked your interpretation of the assignment and the fact that you pushed the boundaries a bit with using boots. I have to agree with you that the simpler, the better in building a   if you want it to be aesthetically pleasing. In the forum, I did not see too many examples that were pleasant to look at. Thus, two boots look much better than many pairs of s put together. I'm also going to assume you must have gotten one of the highest T scores, which is another way that you did well on this assignment. Your write-up was excellent, as it described your thought process and reasoning, making it very helpful.As you can see, I just evaluated one of your  submissions. It might be a good idea to have just one submission for an exercise. Feel confident that you understood the assignment and just go with it. Your """"  submission made me  how I can  more widely about an exercise and push the boundaries."Very creative structure, and high T value, given you only own 2 pairs of s. The way you put it together was very creative - I liked how you put the s inside of each other and tried to put them vertically. I  your  was great but you could have been a bit more detailed in your responses to the questions such as how beautiful it was. It was interesting grading your submission as you only used 2 pairs of s. Great job!I consider my  to be quite good. A lot of effort was invested upon its elaboration and overall, its an 8 out of 10. A better work could have been achieved, and maybe the reason was I didn't gave it the importance it required. I have learned that no matter how small the task, you have to give it you 100%. I saw some great  s, and somehow I felt bad because I knew I could have made a better one. This is a good lesson and I hope to learn many more. "I really like the picture from the base of the  looking up; it makes your  seem SUPER tall.  I'm also impressed by how well it's balanced.  Using different people's s at different parts of the  not only worked for stability, but it works aesthetically as well as the base of muted colors gives way to your own more colorful s and then the simple black and white of the  at top.I've learned that creative photography could also have been part of this exercise."I liked the concept as an Eiffel , coming from the basis to a thinner structure. Beauty is something very difficult for me to judge, although I love the picture and Paris...In terms of the formula, is total heoght by number of s (Not pairs) so the right result would be 43/6=7.16. It is more fun and opportunity to learn to simply try different concepts, in my experience, the best results is not necessarily achieved the first time or with the first idea. I learned the importance of reviewing the instructions and doing some more effort in finding the best solution. "This is one of the more beautiful and artful  s I  I've seen posted. Very well done! At first, when I was scrolling down on my computer and looking at your photo, the bottom s looked like legs sticking up and holding everything in place. Only when I fully scrolled to the very bottom did I see how you accomplished that. Cool! Your balancing skills are impressive and enabled you to get a very high T value with a very few number of s. I also like the look of the upper layer of s against the white background of the wall. If you could get a pure white background behind and under all of the s it would make for a very interesting photograph.Thanks for sharing your light and airy  . You showed me a different approach than I took."Very cool looking  !!!!  I especially am impressed by the way you used fewer s to create a solid, aesthetically-pleasing structure.  I like that it's not just a  and has a unique looking base.  My only critique is that I bet you could have added even more s (if you had any left)!  Your structure is very solid and seemed well thought out.  I bet if you had any s left, you could have really continued to make it grow.  I enjoyed reviewing your  and submission because mine was so different from yours.  I focused on practicality and creating a solid base.  I ended up using a ton more s in creating that base which lowered my overall score.  I'm impressed by the fact that you didn't have use a lot of s in order to create a solid sculpture and one that is nice to look at.  Your style is very obviously different from mine and I  that we learn best by seeing how other people .  Clearly, I learned from you and others whose submissions were similar to yours (fewer s, solid structure, interesting  choices).  I can see now that there were obviously other ways to achieve great results.  Kudos to you and continued luck in the course!"Positive - I love the s are not playing cards comment! You recognized the challenges.Unique - You did a good job matching the colors to look nice.Revision - All the s were flip flops/sandals.  Would using sneakers or boots have helped?  Education -  I learned that you tried several very different ways and I like that. "There was a lot of effort put into completing this assignment and the submission.  Language constraints make it difficult to fully evaluate the submission,  however,  it is evident that the student was creative in terms of  the number of s used and attempting to use a triangular base."The strength of this submission was the stability of its base. I have seen other s, but this one is unique for one main reason - the base was done perfectly and hence the  stands. One thing, as a friend - I would suggest - to me, this was more like ""column"" type of model. i almost got a feeling that I was outside a museum pillar. You could have increased the height of this  by putting one or more s vertically (or the flipflops, which you have on top) and you could have achieved increased height. I learned something from this submission - Mine was very different and taller, but less stable. Yours passes the stability test! Also, I  you were more engineer than creative. But, at the same time, your self-rating is lower than what it is. Good job!""Positive: I liked the simplicity of your   and the soft, shadowy light of the photo.   Unique: The use of the four s with three styles was appealing.   The blue s added a warm feel to the whole picture.  Revision: Play around with having more of a base of s on the floor, playing with height more, or different s.  Education: It really reminded me that simplicity of design is a beautiful thing.   You did a very nice job!"I love that you let your heart be your guide for this project and that you didn't worry about using the prescribed rating systems.   I thought  you captured well the intricacies of working with s as a building material. Your positive attitude makes me I feel that I can be brave about my making own judgements as to the quality of my own work.  Thank you!"Hey, that's pretty tall, now that I've seen others. Kudos on the T, although maybe it wasn't as tall as you estimated?  Should have measured.  And should have added something around the base for aesthetics maybe?  It would've lowered T though, so ...What have I learned from the evaluation process?  Maybe spend more (some) time in the forums.  And maybe I'm a bit more creative than I give myself credit for?  Nah."Great job, especially for having had only 10 minutes to work on it.  3 attempts in 10 minutes qualifies as IFF in my opinion. To have come up with what you did that quickly; very well done.  I found it interesting that you were able to get the heavy boot to stay on top without toppling the . It stands as a beacon of your success in constructing the lower levels effectively. I'm wondering if you could have eked out a tad bit more height by topping it with the boot on the floor in the background with the higher heel?  Your  reminds me that IFF is a separate function from time available to spend on a project. We may not always have the luxury of time. You get in there and get smart fast and in the end, you can still be successful. Great work."I liked the symetry of your ! The way you lined up the s gave it a grid tone and added to this ascetic. I imagine that it also gave it more solidity. The flair of the topmost  was elegant as well. I would have given you a 6 for beuaty. I haven't looked at any other submissions, but I was surprised you wanted to use all your s. I  you were having fun,which I  is important. I hope that you learn to right your photos up before we post photos again. That is a skill for this medium. I had no problem looking at it sideways, but real teachers might. I didn't  that a square mass of s could look so neat. Thanks for doing the s your way. Hope you keep it  up! "Interesting approach of making a pyramid style . Seems very well build and absolutely solid. Well done. Maybe could elaborate a but more about why you decided to do it like this and nit go for height. I  I had fun with the exercise. Having several trials was good, but maybe if I dedicated some more time may have come with other alternatives to make it taller...maybe even with more s. I followed the instructions regarding the formula. However, after considering my peers self reviews I may be a low grader with myself, so probably I should not punish me so hard regarding a self assessment of beauty. "P: Your design approach was very creative. Thinking of it as a sunflower shape, which I wouldn't have done, is awesome. U: Your use of the flop flop to hook your high heals was creative and unique. R: With more thought and direction towards having a higher T value, how could you redesign your ? Would less s give you a higher T value? E: I learned from you that the flip flop straps can be used as a part of the  structure, how you used it to hook your heals. "Wow, that is a lot of s! It's nice that you had different shapes and sizes to work with to make it a really compact and secure . Looks like a really solid base and using the kids s at the top was a good idea. I see that you used a lot of sandals, which really doesn't add to the height, but helped in making it a more secure platform to add more s as your go up. Maybe using less of them would have increased your T score, but you created good height overall. Glad you and your kinds enjoyed the exercise. I am still struck by the idea that you can learn a lot about a person based on their footwear. Having said that, now that I've seen several other examples of  s I have to downgrade the scoring on my . There are some very interesting ways to make more aesthetically pleasing s and to make larger (high T-value s) that I simply didn't take time to explore. I plan to not fall in love with my first idea in subsequent exercises, and to stretch myself to try multiple different approaches before evaluating which I want to "keep."My structure is self standing and Since it was tried different on each attempts, I  the second one looks good and differentFor my own project I  I may have over-rated myself. I've looked at several peers work and thought, WOW, now why hadn't I thought of that. I don't  over-rating one's self is a negative, it's how you first react to your output. When standing next to others you can see that maybe you missed a point or could've done it differently. Comparison with others is part of life. I  for myself I did the task as expected. i completed the project in the time frame it was due and I learned something about myself in the process. Overall, that is a success I can live with. My learning mainly consisted of a concept I've struggled with for some time....SLOW DOWN....when you slow down you can review what you've done, make changes and not just "accept" the outcome. My   I believe was successful, had color, had multiple shapes, and though it was not tall, it was dense. I feel proud of my accomplishment. "Your   is fun, and you did a great job with your responses in the reflection.  Your explanations of the process and how you viewed your  were engaging assessments.  Your humor kept it interesting, and the part about your mother and that you are therefore sticking with your assessment was well written and made me laugh.I  you are on track with the exercise.  I learned that you are a person may be adaptive in your creativity, as you looked to the input of others and then adapted it.  It makes it seem you would be good on a team.  I would encourage you to try a future exercise solely on your own creativity to challenge yourself, and possibly give yourself a higher creative score.  Good job."I totally blew up my measurements. I born and raised, moving to the US it made me concentrate in the english system. My  is 78 cms!!! I appreciate the very logical, step-by-step description of the process. I also really liked the link that was used to post the photo rather than uploading it into the box; I found that to be very unique. The time spent on the exercise seemed a little short. Just imagine what interesting configurations might have been constructed if you'd kept at it! I learned yet another approach to constructions - it's amazing how differently so many of us approached the problem.Mine was one of the tallest and simplest s I've seen. I  it's the only one that was built by completely stuffing a boot full of s. It could be prettier, even tying the laces up better would help. I learned that creating something as simple as a  of s can be so much improved by coming up with other ideas and trying them!"I thought the use of really tall boots was clever in that it achieved a height for the  with fewer materials. If the purpose of the  was just height this one would certainly be in the running. However, I  that part of the project was to build a  with as many s as possible and to make that  as stable as possible within the limitations of the materials. To this end I would say that perhaps you should have added additional s to the structure to see where, if at all you could go with height and maybe even width of the .When reviewing these s it is always interesting to see how each of us used the materials and what concepts, with regard to structure, is employed.""Your problem-solving efforts in approaching the challenge several times, improving from the previous experience each time, was a strength. Additionally, I like the looks of some of those s. I was surprised to find your train of thought so similar to mine - both in expanding the base and in running out of s and being unwilling to find more. (Mine was because of sleeping children. I could have tried again on another day, however, or sneaked quietly into their rooms to retrieve more s.)Much like mine, I wonder what the results of yours would have been had you secured s of different sizes. Also, could we have stacked higher if we stacked some on their heels instead of their bottoms? In reviewing your submission, I see that we thought very similarly to one another. Thank you for sharing it!"I thought the  was unique and nice to look at, but not particularly tall or impressive. The method of stacking and platforms being repeated was an interesting strategy. Stability could definitely have been improved with a larger base and it might have been more creative if I had used a greater diversity of  types. I learned that I should try more approaches before becoming invested in one."First, kudos on the reflection of the assignment. It's clear that you've put a lot of thought into how creativity applies, regardless of the profession, but more specifically to engineers who aren't normally thought of as being creative.The structure looks very practical, stable, and balanced. I find it interesting that the  slopes to one side near the bottom-half and re-balances itself in the top-half.At the top, the structure looks stable. Could this have gone higher? It looks as though it could have.Thank you very much for your submission! I appreciate the insight that you've given into your thought process. Your past experience helps me understand why it could be hard for folks in a certain mindset to either view themselves as being creative or even would indulge in process of IFF.Well done!""1. I definitely like your picture despite the dim lighting :) and it's good that you started first with a quick survey - this gave you an overall idea and you figured out that having a large base provides stable foundation. And you've got a tall  there! 70cm, very good job! Also, I was ing about Jenga too when I built it! 2. How you balanced the top boot is very interesting, I like your approach. 3. I understand that you were motivated by a deadline - next time when you are not, maybe consider trying to build your  on a different surface? Do you  that will make a difference? And, have you searched online what other  s look like when you graded yourself on ""how beautiful was your  ""? Also, maybe you can elaborate on how you first did your quick survey before building the ? What factors did you consider? 4. I learned that you can always work around what you have to make the magic happen! "Student one: (In other courses we get names) I understand the issue with acquiring enough and varied s, and I also didn't want to bother other family members for their s or hunt for them.  Good job with the height.  I don't know how I would have improved it.  Hopefully, future assignments are going to be more interesting."Awesome.  I like how you wove your engineering backpack into this!    I thought you did a nice job with your narrative.Ok - so YOU didn't actually complete the project.  Since the professors had already set a ""no grade"" but learning type of goal, I have no problem with this.  In fact, you introduced another viewpoint entirely that would not realistically have been possible if we limited ourselves to only projects students could, and would, complete for the assignment.I really don't have suggestions for improvement.  I learned things from your submission - ""ing big"" mainly, as well as a logistic point or two.Thank you!""I loved your   and your process of collective ing was great to read about. Your description of the process is really in-depth and thorough. The pedestal-like base supporting the flat platform is really interesting as was the effort that went into making it perfectly flat. Its also interesting that you had a theme of repeating complex structures, so that in building the platform, you were trying to simulate another floor. My  was actually quite similar! I also knocked my beauty points down due to lack of symmetry.Its hard for me to critically evaluate  s, so I'll share some of the thoughts I had for myself. It seemed like once I had my idea, I made small changes, but otherwise became so attached to my one idea, that I never tried any drastically different designs. When I visited our forums and looked at how differently other people approached their , I was a little regretful that I hadn't branched out. I could be wrong, but it looks like you went through a similar process.I really liked your six-legged  structure and I especially appreciated the different points of view that went into making it and rating it.""The positive thing in here is to create such a tall structure with a T value of 2.5.   When it gets taller then the base has to be wider and even with that the value sounds really good.   Unique thing here is that the structure is almost one meter tall with a good T value.I should have considered the aesthetics to go along with being tall and considering both of them together would have caused more failures to learn from.   I had an excellent learning by doing these.  Thanks a lot CICs team."My first impression of the  was very positive.  The blue  really stands out amid the wealth of white s.  The whole seems less a man-made '' than a natural geographic feature - like a cliff.  I like that.  It seems unconstructed, as if it could have sprung to life on its' own.  Very visually attractive.  Perhaps a way to make it lean towards the artistic would be to use only white s and then one blue .  If you wanted it to look more earthy, I would use brown s with then blue .  I was very impressed by the description of the building process.  Despite several seemingly unsuccessful attempts, the finished product looks unconstructed, easy, and natural.I do  your  is very aesthetically pleasing, for a bunch of s. I would definitely give it an 8, great job! The most interesting thing to me is the inverted components of the base. I  that took some creativity, and worked well. For improvement - would the T value be higher without the base? It gives a little extra height, but uses a lot of s. I learned that building a tall   is fairly tough."This is a very impressive submission and its obvious that you put a lot of time and effort into it. However, I  you may have misunderstood the assignment. What you built was a wonderfully useful structure to hold s, but we were instructed to make a  entirely out of s. As it says in the instructions, ""No other materials are allowed besides s"". You can see some examples in our class forums: https://class.coursera.org/cic-002/forum/thread?thread_id=635. I also would have liked a more in depth description of the designs that didn't make it and more about the process of arriving at your final design, as asked in the assignment question, ""provide an in-depth description of the process you went through in building the  , including number of attempts and revisions."" This assignment was much more about exploring your ing process than producing a final creation.I thought your  was very nice and minimalist, but you didn't answer how you arrived at your beauty rating, nor did you answer the last question, ""What [creativity] value do you want to reach for yourself?""I would suggest more closely reading our assignments prompts and questions.For what its worth, though not the   asked for, what you created is really practical and nice to look at. I wouldn't mind having one in my house!"The description of your  sounded great, and it definitely shows that you must have paid attention to the individual details in your , and I'm sure it looked very nice. I found it unique that you put emphasis on the colors of the s. My one gripe is that it would've been nice to see a picture of your , but I understand if you just didn't have a camera. Overall, this was a nice submission, and your attention to the aesthetic of the  is great.I really like the form of the structure. It's something that you wouldn't immediately  of trying when completing this exercise, and I really like it. It looks artistic and balanced. The laces being tied together does affect the overall aesthetics of the structure, but i wonder if there is another possible way to achieve stability without sacrificing the aesthetic value?  Having your wife cheer while bringing her joy with laughter was a reward in itself.  Any built structure that elicits smiles is a beautiful structure.  I was intrigued by how you delicately balanced some of those s, especially the one I  you hung off another (mid-way up, in front in the picture.)  That was one of the challenges that you noted.  Getting everything to balance just right.  My reflection: A dear friend of mine always commented "you don't have to be perfect", which I have come to appreciate.  You noted the same. The "not perfect" actually led to your success.  Good going.The   was completed within the parameters I gave the assignment.  Using those parameters, the assignment went quite well.  The   is very organized with a little messy bit in the middle.  From the exercise I learned that I throw restrictions in my life where none are required.  Im my own worse enemy for creativity.  This was a very introspective assignment for me.  I kept my submission, as is, to remind me not to be so strict with rules that dont exist.This was a secured project. No risks were taken but the project is done ! So it is effective. Moreover the height is good compared to the number of s. The creativity is not high as it is a more secured .I was not very creative on that project, I was just efficient. I built a  with s and didn't look for any creativity. So I don't hope getting more than 2 on 10 for beauty and creativity. I'll do better next time.(can't be worse !)Wow, your family was hard to please; I would have rated your  much higher than a 4.5.  You had really good height, and what a great idea to put a boot on the top for that extra height. I wish I had thought of that. Like you too, I had thought about building a   that achieved it height via suspension rather than from a solid base -- I thought that was a good creative approach you also used: try to pick the question apart and use "holes" in the question to gain height.  Something to  about -- should you ever build a   again, I suppose -- is to use different varieties of s for color and stylistic enhancements. Eight family members judged your piece. Might there have been some colorful women's s to give the  some more flair?  Overall, I liked learning from you about your poking around the question for an advantage and your use of a final critical piece, the boot, to achieve some good added height.  "I thought the simplicity of using only three s was a good choice.The uniqueness is obviously my choice of colors, patterns and textures complimenting one another.The only change I would have made was to continue to try for a fourth  rather than giving up after several failures.I learned there can be beauty in a really silly sounding assignment."I  you gave this exercise a lot of thought and made multiple attempts until you succeeded. Well done. The "lack of color" is nothing to be concerned about, as you achieved a good height and displayed a completed project. What I liked most is how you made a variety of attempts, stopped for a while, then returned to the task. Additionally, you moved from one location to another, which seemed to give you more space to work toward your goal. The exercise definitely tested us on perserverance and managing failures. Your description of your attempts was great. Great job. "Your  looks very stable. It's also largely very symmetrical, until you get to the top, which I found intriguing.I notice that you start with a very black base and that it gets increasingly light as you go upward, even to the point of being shiny at the top, the way you turned the  so that the silvery inside is shown. That gives it a very interesting sense of going from earthiness into space.I  I'd like to have seen a few more s worked in somehow, even perhaps a more gradual growth from the heaviness of the boots to the airiness of the white/silver s. The intermediate earth tone s with the embellishments on them is a nice touch; if you could have segued between the black and the browns that would have been cool.Thank you for participating and giving me a chance to  about the project and what you've done with it. It was fun to see how your vision unfolded in this.""7First of those knee high boots are very very nice, I see why they were the cherry on top. :) Good call with using the s  strings too! I also had issues with the s sliding around as well so using the 's own  strings as a natural tie seemed the right call. I also noticed that you had a diverse variety of s in comparison to my sneaker heavy , which I'm sure caused some additional challenges. Now the only thing that Id probably would have done a little different was to stand the hiking boots up to get a little bit more height. But as were both learning there is never just one way to be creative. I wish you all the best and hope you have an excellent day!"You  appears very strong and stable. You used a design style from the pyramids which are very stable. Placing the boot on top is a good idea to increase your T score. The idea of the exercise was to foster creativity and innovation, next time you should try alternate designs, for example one to maximize the T score. I learned there are many different design styles and approaches to each exercise and depending on our desired outcome, each approach has a unique attribute. Combining these attributes would maximize our outcome. This would be a good team exercise. I  I did a great reflection on the process. There's nothing like candid honesty. Ironically enough, I told someone I evaluated, not to sell themselves short on creativity, but I gave myself 3 points lower than I chastised them for! As for the submission itself, I am pretty impressed that I managed to make a pretty high  with quite a few s. I do wish I had given more thought to making a more aesthetically pleasing ; the s I used were just the hodgepodge of what was closest to me. I'm also pretty proud that I managed to balance at least 2 pairs of 4-inch heels and one individual heels. In seeing my peers' submissions, I gained more from this assignment than that of my own, and I will make more of a concerted effort in the future."Looks very good for color consistency and the top  also improves height. Looks very solid structure. I  you could use a different structure to gain height and maybe improve T value.I liked to discover basic and simple is also creative and rational."The  is interesting and the description of the process is complete.  I  the tall boot on the top made my T score better than the other ones I saw.  Blaming the types of s that I had was a bit weak - I probably should have tried a few more options before I decided I was finished.Now that I'm reevaluating my , I'm actually kind of happy with the overall design. I do wish I had taken the time to take a better photo.  I loved doing the background research and revisiting the work of E. Fay Jones.  I find myself now seeing my muddy s as beautiful because they have history.  s are such intimate building materials.  I am so impressed with the variety of ways people have created their s, so I want to give everyone, and surprisingly that includes myself, a 10 for creativity."You completed the assignment by answering all the questions. While English may not be your first language, please remember to use the correct verb tense. Also, it was unclear to this reader what you meant by ""triangle is fastness.""Finally, in future assignments, please consider offering more detail."Your visual opinion of your   made me smile, and indicated that this was an enjoyable exercise for you. The fact that you were trying to erect a  version of the Eiffel  helped me imagine the shape, and your choice of descriptive words fine-tuned my mental picture of your project. Good job on your T value. I liked that youre clear on how frustration creeps into a project, but would have also been interested in learning how you would attempt to overcome that frustration in the future.Great job! I like the personal perspective of gaining height by allowing the  to lean on the furniture.  I like how you used the athletic s on top in a up/downward position. I like how it added the extra height to gain more T-value.  The only revision I could see to improve would be to place the s downward, upward, crisscross perhaps to make it a stronger  so it wouldn't have to lean.  I learned the differences of perspective by seeing other examples.  When I was completing my own work I didn't have any photos or perspectives in advance as a sample.  Seeing the others now has allowed me to see no matter what we all have had a general idea of the same.I like the improbability of this , the soft tones of the  and the balance of it all. The uniqueness of this piece is that it might be the only one that is done outside, and has a natural look.  I imagine that this peice of writing is quite a field of what the assignment asked me to write about. So, in doing the three evaluations and then this one that I still  this represents some very valuable learning for me here.  I wouldn't have writen some very good writing and language for my life without this process of going through all I went through.  I hope that others enjoy this writing and what I went through. It was hard to evaluate others, but glad you created the format to help me do so. I appreciate folks work and feel honored to comment on them and hope that I was encouraging. "Positive:  I liked how you really thought ""outside the box"" by making a long   on the floor rather than something that was mainly vertical and several feet high.   You thought about this lots!Unique: Seemed like you really had a playful, thoughtful approach to doing this.   Looks like a flower with a long stalk and two leaves at the bottom, all done with s.    Great that you used all rubber s, but with a variety of colors and styles.    Revision: Possibly add more offshoots of  ""stalks and flowers"", but know you will have to play around lots with the space.   Education: You inspired me to look at the assignment from a different angle - doing in on the floor totally.   Very well done.   Enjoyed your   greatly!"I  you really grasped the concept of this exercise. When I first looked at your picture I saw a wolf's head. I thought that was amazing. I like how you broke down the number of attempts and the thought you put into the exercise. Additionally, sharing with us that you are a landscape architect was adding an honest tone to the whole experience. I suspect your training and work provided you with a solid foundation to tackle this project. I feel I was able to look at what you designed and see something more than s....great job. I like how a project can leave you with something more than what the pieces of the project are made up of. Again, great job. "It was fun to look at your  of colorful s of several types. The s you placed on top look terrific there. I find it interesting to look at your photo and see several places where there is interesting contrast between colors and shapes of s. I  your  was successful. I wonder if in your description of your creativity you weren't too hard on yourself. Is it that your were not feeling that the process was creative or is it just about not being pleased with the result. As a feedback provider I found it difficult to suggest revisions. Should they have been to the  itself of the comments made by the student. I will add that I really like the PURE approach and will bring it to my art group. ""P--Very well done, getting so high with so little s! And I , based on that, you could reach an 8 or 9 creativity-wise!U--I liked how you used the laces of one  to stabilize the R--I would have liked to know more detail about your thought process. Also=6 tries? Were your doing this just before it was due? :)E--Different people have different styles, not everyone s the same things are important."It's interesting that you got your whole family involved with the project. I  your metric is more like 2.5 if you divide 50 cm by the number of s (not the pairs). Good job! I am really impressed by the top of your  . It's not easy to keep balance like that! I know maybe I need to add some critique on your work, but I don't  I can do better than you!There is nice height to your . Awesome that you were able to borrow your neighbor's s.  Perhaps, were there to ever be a next time, you might experiment with other ways of building the  apart from horizontally stacking them.  Could the laces, for example, come into play somehow?  Overall, I really liked how you expanded your resources by borrowing your neighbor's s, your use of a wide base to give the  extra support, and your really good overall height. I liked how the boot was on top. I liked the "jenga" approach I used to make the structure balance. I definitely could have increased the T value maybe by using less s and also made it more beautiful by creatively using the s. I  this activity made me utilize my creativity"You did a great job providing in-depth description of your   exercise. I am really impressed by how you explained every step and the details you gave. In addition to that, you got some really great results with the T value. Your commitment surely paid off.The way you positioned the s is quite creative, especially in the man-woman   that seems so stable. The only thing I would suggest is to attach more importance to the background of the pictures. I would have also said to add some more colors to your  to make it more beautiful but you did mention that yourself.I like your work and your submission is very good. This really shows how much perseverance and a positive mindset are important to improve performances and succeed in a project. ""After looking at the other submissions, I've decided that mine wasn't as bad as I originally suggested in my write-up. I assumed that others were going to come up with some very unusual structures using unique techniques, but that really wasn't the case. In the end, I  mine was visually appealing mostly because of the triangular shape. My write-up had a good explanation of my process and thoughts. I'm glad I tried many ideas before settling on this one.I could have neatened it up on the bottom of the structure and maybe tried to create one more tier since my T score was not very good.I learned to have a little more confidence in my creativity and ideas! "I thought it was great that I completed and submitted the   in the first place.  I was thrilled I was able to use my slippers to add color to the .  It would have been dark otherwise.  I could have done a better job by making more attemps.  I could have made different shapes and put the slippers in a different place to show a better contrast.The  construction has a very interesting -like shape, with a wide base and sharp pointy end, This shape result interestingly similar to real structure constructions; and it has its own identity in this sense. The approach for a  like shape has the same drawbacks which are the use of a lot of material to have a good foundation, therefore the low T ratio, but in the end the shape does a magnificent result and aesthetic view. I  this approach has the sense of re-use of best practices to achieve proven results, which is something I didn't considered.    "I  I did a good job of describing my process in writing and in images. I worked with a set number of s-those that happened to be near the entry to our house---twenty-nine s. I didn't give up using all twenty-nine s. I liked that I used an odd number just because those were the available s. I could have gone to the closet to get the other  for the odd one, but chose not to. I worked with what I had available including color, which was subdued for the most part. The twenty-nine   was stable. Though I was concerned with the assigned criteria, I self-assigned criteria such as the number of s, using the given available s, and persisting through many iterations until I was satisfied.I found that the most interesting thing about this   is that it was created from the s of three people who live here either full time or part of the time--my husband's, my grandson's, and my own.  Though the colors of the s were a bit on the bland side I found beauty in the fact that these s are all worn by people who live here and are loved. Though the colors were on the bland side I also found that the s in the  have character. There is some interesting patterning happening--that was unplanned and noticed after having reviewed the s of fellow students.I would have liked to see more openness within the --more negative space. I wished for more ""airy-ness"" as I was building. It was not to be with the given s and the self-imposed assignment to use all twenty-nine s. I would have liked to see more creativity like that I noticed in other submissions--for example: the student who used images from the Internet to build a --not with real s, but with photos of s. Or the example of the student who tied the laces to something.  Not exactly free-standing in the more widely accepted definition of free-standing, but very creative and ""out of the box"" ing. My design and ing were more ""weighty."" I would have liked to see something more ""airy."" I have learned by submitting feedback on my own design and submission that I noticed things about my design after critiquing the s of other students. So interesting to see how my perceptions changed about my own  and creativity after ing more deeply about the designs that others made. Fascinating--and something I will probably pay more attention to as I work with my own students. :-)""Dear Colleague,Both of your s look great! The first approach is the standard one which most of us thought off and it is constructed well. The uniqueness I found was in the second , though it was a small  with just a pair of s, still I felt great to  of someone who actually thought of making a small lovely structure out of that. The room of improvement I believe would be ing even more of creating  with a pair of s. Like  this way,if you could have put one  perpendicular within another horizontal lying , that would have also been a beautiful structure with a new approach and slight increase in the height of . Also, the first  could have been made into some elegant shape with a clear image. But overall, it has been a great approach and I congratulate you for that. "This  balanced well, and I like the color distributed. It's good to see you choose some s but not use them all, because not all of them are helpful in this . But you might consider to use some flat or slippers to be the bottom instead of the heels, that might help you to increase 2-3cm. However I still like to see the structure of the  , and I can tell everyone of your family helped on this work (all their s are used)Great submission. I appreciate your clear scientific approach to the assignment, giving both the number of attempts and revisions, and then clearly outlining the details of each attempt. I would encourage more details in the future. A few questions I would have liked to see you explore were; why did you find it helpful to stack the s the way you did? Did you form any concepts before you started stacking? In your evaluation of creativity I would encourage more outside feedback. Your personal reflections on the level of creativity were valuable but too brief. Your two suggestions of giving further structure to the exercise are interesting and might help the course by connecting to the "paradox of structure" we learn about in week two.You approached the problem in a way I hadn't expected.  I am guessing that you are not one to work within the rules, based on this exercise, where there were supposed to not be any other materials besides s.  But again, way to  out of the box!  I could also argue that there are ways to make a purely -made  using your boots (provided you are willing to stick some flats and flip flops in them for height and stability).  I will admit that your  has a certain elegance to it.This is so thoughtfully done!  I agree that this boot is a beautiful one and showcasing it in such a way truly does showcase the boot.  Additionally, what an excellent way to ensure that the T value is high- instead of reaching great heights, decrease the number of s for a tall .  I also love the idea of a platform including a tripod, interesting visual juxtaposition of tripod to boot.  I would caution you about the box used as the yellow draws the eye from the boot to the base and would  critically about the colors of each of your elements to be sure that the visual effect is that which you intended.  Love how you truly considered the form of the boot, the personal value of the boot to you as part of the beauty of the submission.Nice . Only suggestion I would have is that you could have experimented with more combinations to see if you could make a taller .After reading your response and examining the picture of your , I am impressed by the simplicity of your  with the use of very tall boots as the base.  Clever!  I like that you selected a few pairs of s from your collection to meet the objective rather than using a lot of s at once.  I personally used many s and built a  about 10cm higher, but your metric value was much, much higher. Gives meaning to the phrase, "less is more"!"Props to Student 1 for making five attempts at building the best  . I particularly like the fact that the student showed two and offered compare and contrast statements about them.The first of the two s pictured seems to be more ""horizontal"" in that the s are parallel to the floor. The second begins with a solid horizontal base, but then goes vertical as the second and third s point away. I'd love to see if the builder could add even one more  or some color to the second .I learned that a   can be built by following a pattern and that various forms of patterns for s exist."Much thought was put into the project.  Rules were followed, and knowledge  learned previously was used.  Interesting , with the placement of boots as the foundation was unique.  Did you stop adding s at the top because you wanted to highlight the blue running ?  Why not put the mate of the top  at the front of the  and really show off the  at different angles?  The T factor was a bit low, the choice of s to get a t factor high was not really used.  I am more critical of myself in this evaluation, but I now would give myself an 8 for creativity and beauty.   "WAW!!! Most of all I liked the mix of classical drapery and such a modern piece of art. I looks gorgeous and stylish. I suppose this  is one of the highest here, 1 meter of s, it is huge!I do not even know what to say to be critical... the only thing I would recommend to correct is the photo orientation (it lays on its left side). The  itself is perfect. I would say it is very beautiful (9/10) and very creative (8/10). Thanks for sharing the result with us. ""Love the gold s at the top!  Better than finding the gold at the bottom of the rainbow; finding the gold at the top of the !  Excellent!P: Congratulations on completing the assignment with a house full of visitors and foremost in your mind the health and well being of your youngest daughter!  U: Love that you preserved in the face of all the flux surrounding you!R: Perhaps you might have achieved more height by interlocking s - toe into foot opening.  Perhaps you did this and I am not seeing in your picture.E: What I learned most from your submission is that life permeates our work.  Sometimes our focus is on what's around us and maybe our creativity will be diminished. We get what's asked of us, but perhaps we do not have the mental space to comply.  Love the gold s at the top!""1. I really liked the fact that you utilized your laces! Great idea! And you had the idea the next day and put it into action. I like your creativity a lot! In addition, you worked with whatever you had (you mentioned you were traveling when started the project). Great job! 2. Interesting use of laces! 3. First of all, it'll be great if you could have attached a picture of your ! I'd love to see how the laces come into play. And have you tried to build on a different surface? Maybe you'll get some different results! 4. In general it's very good work. Sometimes we don't get the answer straight away. Then maybe just put it aside, and come back to it the next day. 2. ""The  is symmetrical (considering it is s). I too used my larger s as a base. The brick approach seems to be the first thought.Your  gives a little ""mystery"" in that I can't see what is on the inside layer. The  starts with a four deep base and a single top - What's inside?!Symmetry can be good. The blue sneakers could have been placed on the ends or in the middle to create a mirror image as well as those in the base. The low boots placed in symmetry would lose the mystery aspect. I too tried to do the  in one attempt. It did not agree - 4 or 5 times. We both responded to the height question but, on reflection, that wasn't a metric or a goal set by the exercise.  I found that my  took on a look that was not intended but lent itself to the creative aspect. I guess we can be creative in spite of ourselves."This student used a really good thought process.  Each  was a solid build. More trial and error would have been a benefit to enhance the outcome and increase the overall effort to the task."I like the aesthetics of your  , especially the (perhaps inadvertent) placement of the two black s in the foreground. It's as if a person was standing in those s and became so -oriented that they collapsed into a pile of s.I  you possibly could have achieved a higher T (cm/s) if the arrangement were a bit less haphazard.  But, perhaps not; I imagine heels are a bit tricky to build with.I like that you used your peers as a resource in the forum.  That's definitely an idea worth stealing."Good description of the trials you made.  The picture quality was sharp and clear.  I sense a good dose of honesty in your evaluation, so you must feel comfortable in your self.  After reviewing other s, I could have gone further with some more thought, both to enhance the beauty and perhaps to increase the T-factor.  The learning came from doing the work myself, and then seeing how it compared to others.  A fun start to the program.This was a creative submission and the effort put into it was obvious.  More attempts could have been made to make the  even taller.  This assignment taught me that creativity requires new ways of ing of everyday things.  I am very impressed with how many attempts you made!  I did like the addition of the clown slipper at the top to add just that extra height and creativity.  It looks like you had different styles of s to work with.  Did you find some were easier to stack than others?  I wish I would have gotten my teenage step daughters involved..that would have been a fun competition! :)  Nice work.Structurally your  does resemble it's original inspiration. Very graceful and beautiful, while delicately balanced. You also displayed an understanding of the dynamics of the exercise and proved that you learned something. Perhaps if you had you had gone and found some plastic toy horses you could executed your original concept.Wow... a very artistic approach to creating a ! It does have a nice shape to it. Sounds like you spent more time planning the  than building it. I would like to see if you can make it taller.  I learned that everyone has a different approach.The  structure seems good. But talking about the t value..you have used the wrong formula."Your   made me smile because you stacked the s so neatly and in such a nice pyramid. You also have some very cute s!One thing that I thought was unique was that you created a pyramid of s instead of a traditional .One thing that you might try for future  s is changing the overall design. What might happen if you made a square  ? or if you turned your s upside down or on their side? That might help identify other ways you could make your  taller.I really was educated by your  to understand that different people may interpret challenges differently, and that you took your  in a very different direction than I took.""It's pretty cool that the s look like they are wearing other s. There also seems to be a very deliberate color scheme, though I'm not sure whether or not it was a part of the process in editing the   for aesthetic appeal. It looks like this student had a lot of fun working with this project - which makes it fun to review. I really liked the way this structure was built. Rather than stacking s, this person had more ingenuity in laying the foundation for the arch. It would be more visually appealing for me to see more than two main colors (though the tones do vary). Since these are warm colors, maybe some have some cooler ones represented. That the student began challenging herself to reach the highest T-value and height, and ended with building s to please herself was a helpful insight. What enjoyment can we get out of these exercises if we aren't primarily focused on having fun with them?"An unconventional approach. Although with a good t value, possibly no as impressive as some of the conventional approaches which were higher but used more  shores."Positive:  Your reflection was entertaining to read, well-written, and your observations about the process were very astute, my favorite part of your write-up.  I could relate to the problem of ""ugly"" s.  Unique:  The spider comment was hilarious.  Using a leaf and flowers was an interesting enhancement to the structure.Revision:  You broke the rules a bit by using a leaf and flowers to stabilize the .  There were to be no outside materials.  But aesthetically they added to the , so it didn't bother me too much.    Education:  I am impressed by how much attention you gave to the T value.  I had thought of it as a number to crunch, not as a goal to achieve.  But when I  about it, when it comes to design in this age of sustainability, you want to have a design that uses the least materials possible.  Congratulations on achieving such a high T value and working through the process of eliminating unnecessary s.  I wish I had done that!"The design is clean and simple, making it aesthetically pleasing and easily reproducible. I liked the way you kept the idea of a building in mind and worked like an architect. A very well thought through project.The concept of listing available building materials at the onset of the submission I thought was very helpful.  Also, having a structural concept in mind beforehand (pointy) seemed appropriate given that the types of s being used for this exercise were of the thin and flexible variety.  I  that, given the materials presented, the  could have been even taller given more time to experiment.  After reviewing this submission, I realize that my own  could have used a bit less order and symmetry.Wow, that was tall, and great idea standing next to it in order to provide comparison.  I  it might be difficult to present a beautiful  , unless one had a large collection of beautiful s.  I learned something about engineering and structure here.To put that much thought and to actually legitimize the structure is amazing. The exercise went from a simple online class project for you to a family bonding masterpiece. You all put an excellent amount of thought and time into making the structure as appealing, and real as you could. The  is unique in the same way as the human  built in Spain. You play on the strength in numbers and the structure of each individual to build the structure from the ground up. The only thing I would try to revise is the amount of color in the structure. I learned a very different approach to the . I never thought to incorporate the ideas that your family did. You stepped outside of the assignment and that was the true essence of the project.I really appreciate the narrative you added to your  . I also like the sloping nature of each side of your . However, I don't  that you were supposed to use the clock or bag in this assignment. I  you could have also paid more attention to your T value to come up with different  shapes. It would also have been nice to see the  from a front view. Overall, it looks like you put a lot of thought and effort into the project. Good job.I like it. I like the fact that you varied your use of s and did add a "crown"  to the . Thinking about a problem and then trying to tackle and re-tackle it worked well for your ."Positive: Excellent submission!  You made a huge  , very impressive.  My """" consisted of 4 s!  Your  is awesome.Unique: This is very unique - you used many different types of s, making it look cool.Revision: Maybe take the picture from a different angle to show it is free-standing and not supported by anything.Education: What I learned is I should have used more s.  My s, men's s, aren't as conducive to building a   as women's s.  Well, in my opinion.  Because you have the options of high heels and other features that make the s ""stick"" together better when piling them up.  Great job!""After having seem other people's work, I am very impressed with my detail in the methodology section. I missed that kind of detail in the classmates' work.The depth of detail I used in the methodology section and also in my final self-analysis in the last question was unique among the people I evaluated.I  I could have done a better job of describing my . I could have used more detail. I wish I had a camera and had been able to capture a picture.If I had it to do over, I would have started earlier and given myself more time to complete the assignment. I didn't like the assignment, so I procrastinated. And then I got totally transfixed. I wish I had been better about it.Throughout this process, I have learned that I make a lot of assumptions that I really don't even know I am making."I love your ! I  it's beautiful--I like how you used all the same color and style s to make a simple and elegant design-- (at least compared to my ) and I really like your picture collage as well. That's a pretty impressive T value, clearly from the use of your boot :) I  you did a great job but in terms of suggestions maybe you could have incorporated the other tall boot on top? I'm not sure if it would balance though...Other than that I found your design very inspiring and creative!"First of all, I'm so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine how painful those days are. And I hope you get well soon!I really liked the way you built the  by placing the s vertically. I thought your  was really big with 72cm, but once you put the numbers in the formula, your T value is similar to other smaller s, because its used less because few s.Finally, as I mentioned, I enjoyed the different way that you built your . And how you create it or the way it was created related to your personal life. Enjoy the rest of your week!""Positive:  The   was stable.  I was very honest in describing my feelings surrounding this process.  Use of laces to stabilize the base was very creative.Unique:  The emotional component of dealing with my husband's s.  I'm interesting to hear how my evaluators react to that.Revision:  I should have paid much more attention to the T value.  I could have eliminated certain s that didn't add to the support or height.  Education:  Sometimes, life's lessons come from the strangest places.  As I reflect on what I said, I realize how challenging life is right now.  Even the simple exercise of creating a   was daunting for me this week.  But the key point is that I faced it and got through it.  It wasn't my best work, but sometimes that's all you have to give."A minimalist look.  Solid build.  Beauty does not enter the mind as much as sturdiness. Balanced process."Your work was very organized!  since you collected your s and then began to build the  . It's good the comparison with the rack , you can observe how tall is the .You had left s ? Perhaps a challenge would be to use all your s .I agree with your  numbers!""Indeed your   looks very stable. The amount of s is great (22); perhaps trying to use them one by one (an not as pairs) you could reach a higher .  Did  you have more s to use? I liked your phrase ""sometimes creativity requires you to be stubborn""""You sound very honest in your comments. As many of us, you focused in height rather in shape. So, at the end, you found out, forgot to  about colors and forms.Do not know how many attempts you made. Im sure that more attempts would have let you build a nicer  , and as long as you advance in this course will learn how to let your creativity come out.Keep trying for you have potential!!!""I love the story you made out of it. Telling about your first thought when knowing about this assignment, the dialogue with yourself, your attempts, the pictures you made, how you paid attention to the instructions received.Indeed, this exercise is a good way to make reflections, to discover what you really want to change. What a great discovery for you.It seems you will get a lot for your personal life from improving your creativity.Meanwhile, do not be so strict with you for this   deserves more than 6. I would give an 8!!!"Hi there. what a nice , i liked the way u used the high heels for the finishing touch on top. i  u could have used only 3 fundations to increse the T value. nice try thanks for sharing itThis  is really amazing, I kept looking at it to figure out how the s would stay in place, you really worked on balance and keeping the  stable. I like that you learned from your first attempt and realized what the problem was, so you got to fix it later."Well, you found out your way to comply this  , and also were patient enough to use origami technique to search your objective.Indeed is colorful as you wanted it to be. Maybe is a good moment to make a reflection: Why is there no color in the s you were everyday? Do you want to add more color to your life? Why dont you go ahead and do it?This activity is a very good way to  about what we do in our life and add ideas to become what you want to be. Go ahead, youre on the way and have a lot of creativity within yourself!!!"After reviewing two other people who made the same assignment I'm really impressed by how different our ideas can be, none of the s were similar, but all of them are amazing. I'm still very happy with my , I wouldn't change it now that I've seen some others, because I worked hard on it and had a lot of fun, and I loved the final result. I  this  is really amazing and unique, I don't  many people used the same technique. You said you couldn't get it to be taller, but maybe with more attempts you could have achieved it. I would've liked to see longer answers to the questions though, telling more about your experience and how you felt about everything. I really loved this  and saw how different our ideas can be, great job :)Your writting made me  you're a very structured and perseverant person, you had an idea and kept on until it was done. I tried to draw the  from what you described, it seemed strong and a little tough, maybe it's just an impression but for other attempts you could try something lighter and play with different positions to see what you could get from varying your style a bit. From the numbers I  your T value was 2.3 (74 cm / 32 s); from the work I did I  a square structure requieres more s and that gives us a lower score :-( Nonetheless, I can learn from you the discipline and the importance of letting an idea grow to get inspiration and not doing everything in just one day, impulsively. Thanks!I really enjoyed watching the second , it maked me laugh because the  seems fun, I can imagine the boot dancing on top of the other s and you really improved from the first one, you kept what you liked about it and made the neccesary chances to get a higher T value. Congrats! Maybe if you try to bulid a more complex  with the same essence you'll get an even greater . I certainly learned that sometimes less is more, all about economising the resources!this got a nice T value, i did something similar to get to that high but whit more s. u said your self u could have fix them better to reach a higest level. Nice try thanks for sharing "Aesthetically the   looks good because there were so many options in terms of colour mixtures. The   constructor arranged the bottom boots in a unique way by mixing the colours to attract attention However, the layer after the boots seems to be crowded considering that the bottom layer of boots are well elevated although it is because of their shapes and height. You should tried have maintained  the uniqueness of the shape from bottom to top instead of having too many s heaping on each other thereby distorting your shower shape. Lessons learnt For any innovation to be attractive the shape, colour and size mattersUnderstand the constraints that hinders successful implementation of your projectIn every project failure should be embraced and learn the lessons for future improvementsNever limit yourself to one idea and never give up even after so many attemptsBelieve in endless possibilities""I am encouraged by your determination even after failing a number of attempts.   Definitely it was not about piling s together but to construct a  that shows commitment, style, strategy and presentable.  However, the use of laces to tie up the s was not allowed.  Lessons learnt For any innovation to be attractive the shape, colour and size mattersUnderstand the constraints that hinders successful implementation of your projectIn every project failure should be embraced and learn the lessons for future improvementsNever limit yourself to one idea and never give up even after so many attempts"