I have to say kudos for putting so much time and dedication into this project and, specifically, the slide show. I had never considered being creative with the actual presentation, only the  itself. My only suggestion for the next assignment would be to make the file easier to access. I had quite a few difficulties trying to access the slideshow. All in all, however, great work! It was really neat to see how you used your s to build such a unique . Wow, by reading your description, it sounds intriguing. It would have been great to see it! I wonder what could have the "wow" factor? Color? Variation in kind of s (tennis s and sandals)? I never thought of doing a pyramid; I will try it just to see how I do.Good job, you can try put your s stand up to make your T value bigger."Positive: I feel happy to look at hight of  . with less no of s used. which also achives good height in short perid of time.Unique: I tye to make small base with good   height. Revision: I tried 3  revision. which gradualy increased height by balancing and adding more s at top. I am still feeling i can do it better on next time.  Education. : How can we learn from failure by previous mistakes and come-up with new idea which gives more hight and balance to .If we reflect this in our personal life. we will acheive new height by learning from past mistakes."Congratulations Your   is  taller than me !  But I  you can try some other  shape of s to get more trials."The approach of the task is astounding. For me it is an out of the box idea which works. You achieved your main goal in an alternative creativity way. Good job.The description is an individual art. I enjoyed reading the parallels among the historical stories and physical word manifestation.As far as I understand you made only two physical attempts although you were absolutely creative. I feel that you put more energy into the description than into than . Anyway you reached your personal goal you made the highest T-value.I have learned two things from your assignment. First that sometimes it is worth to spend more on theory than on practice. In order to truly understand what you really want and what makes you satisfied. Besides of this I can close my review with Leonardo da Vinci quotes:: Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  ""The description and other comments are thoughtful and reflective of the process. What is interesting, and probably unique is that on  reading the submission I am smiling because the  could be a metaphor for me - stable and practical, with potential to be more creative!To improve and revise the  I should have just spent more time on it. Had a few more goes and been more daring with the  placement. Worrying less about fulfilling criteria and more about making myself feel I'd made a beautiful thing. It is tricky to give feedback on this as I feel as if  I did that in my original comments, at the time of writing I tried to be thoughtful and reflective about what I had done. I  this is the key to being able to move forward.I learned that my  is a reflection of my soul! ""First, I  it is very beautiful  his s, he tried several times to achieve such an effect, I  I should continue to try. From the picture, hanging next to Ms. heels are used to balance the weight of it? This method is worth learning, and this is I did not  of. Praise."The   exercise involved the major elements of designing the structure, finding the right material, the right choice, team and coordination efforts . The result is mind blowing...I never thought   could this high and complex. I believe  i have learned a tip or two on coordination and cohesiveness to gel projects together and achieve the desired results . Good to see this effort yield results!!!Perhaps I missed this part of my own evaluation?? My happy comments are that I placed my  in a natural setting and incorporated as much color as I could. Being a feedback provider encourages another longer look at the how and why of something which can be very important."This  tree is impressive because the person worked with constraints and yet has managed to build a good  tree.The unique aspect is that it is not made out of many s.I would critically state that it could have employed the use of more s and more color...other than that it looks simple yet good"I am, in the end, glad that I aimed for a good looking   instead of a purely functional one or else this wouldn't have been as fun. The most unique thing about this compared to other submissions is that I might have cheated. I am not sure if that's true but if there were judges, they could decide. I should have spent more time on other design attempts as I might have come up with a better idea. This was a sort of meditative exercise. I really liked working with the basic material of s. i  the idea is good..but execution of this model not ideal..l  your   is very beautiful and seems creative."i  positive to draw is the number of tries.i  the structural approach allowed for the height gainedthe s could have been better placed for aesthetics ""I gave 6.P: You did good to build the   with so many s.U: The large and strong base looks interesting.R: Is it possible to use fewer s but achieve the height so as to reach a higher T value.E: After seeing your work, I  I could have achieved a higher   if using more s."It is a pity that I could not see your  ,I guess it is very stable.although the value of T is not very,but I know the limit of the material affect the height,and you put more attention on the beauty ,which is a very clever measure.I like the way that you have approached this task. Great job, you did well!"I find the  unique,simple and result of a number of trials,Its not easy to achieve this height easily,I am intrigued to find my friend have considered the term ""center of gravity' which is an essential parameter to consider while building anything vertically projected, I am sure my friend have thought about the color selection and the order of colors towards the top.The  is beautiful to me because i see three owls sitting in three levels,The unique feature of the  is its vertical projection itself which is not easily possible,this shows my  friend must have tried it a number of times,he also mentions it in his self review.My suggestion is he could have achieved added two more s in the bottom layer thus it will improve both aesthetics and stability and he could have thus gone much higher heights.I am understanding that a number of trials,planning and selection of color etc will improve the beauty of simple structures."I like the design you chose and the process you went through to decide upon it. I also like that you used the strap of one  to support the other. I like the colors also, was that part of your consideration?First the structure is pretty stable as balance was created so well. It's unique because of manifested creativity to arrange the s to create stability and equality of weights everywhere. The  tree exhibited extra ordinary creativity and symmetry as to structural factors.  I would suggest that color symmetry was not taken into consideration to create more balance and art.  Likewise reviews of peer could be sought for more ideas and diversity. I learn that consultation with other people is necessary to produce a more productive, diversified and creative output."Positive: steady .Unique: considering size and weight.Revision: i should do more Revision.Education: open mind can move you far.Revision:Education:""My dear classmate, you've done a amazing job.Its color is very cool. As we know, black and white match well. And your work only use this two color, so it sees very harmonious and fabulous. On the other hand, it's high enough and T is also a high value.But you are too modest. Your work is really beautiful. I  you could give yourself a 8 at least. And maybe you can try more potential ways to make it better (e.g. change its structure)"WOW,you did a great job.with just only 7 s you build 70cm.Your value for the metric is so high.Very creative,and impressive,If I can give a score,10 out of 10,definitely."I like the fact that there is colour and neat structure to my  , I really enjoy the change of angle at the top and the blue and pink sneaker adding a focal point in the middle. I do however feel that more effort could have been made to try to get the  higher and also get a better T value. Perhaps trying different designs.I learned that when one looks at something for the purpose of giving feedback you look at it differently, in more detail and from many angles rather than just ""do I like it, does it look nice?""I also feel that through this entire exercise I my thought process can be quite one dimensional and I can get caught up with one idea (generally one of the first ideas)and just focus on that instead of being more dynamic."Interesting that you have that boots so you can make a high . You have the resources and you use it well. I have one suggestion, you may put the  in the top of the  vertically. It will give you higher . Good effort!would have been better if there was a pictorial representation, well fair enough"Well done! You have built a nice  . And the boots you have used at the top to make the   taller is quite fair. Kudos!But you could have made the basement part pretty attractive and yet holding the  too.The basement looks messy and yes you could have used less no of s too for the basement.Anyways, it's still a nice  .""Your towes is not very colourful but it looks very good, because one can see a great style here - black and white is a great colouring. Besides, your  is not very messy and it looks very neat - I find it really great and unuque. Besides I liked the idea to put one pair on the sole and the other upside down. Frankly speaking, I can't see anything to add to it - it's perfect.I didn't learn anything - I just got envious.""Hey!I like your  towel very much.It looks so slim which make it like a real towel.The amazing point is you can make the towel so stable though it looks very easy to fall.It will be interesting to know if the two grey s in the bottom works or just to be good looking."Compared with other students' works, I have found it the works I had  evaluated were similar. I  consider i have full fill the requirements of the homework but i highlight the fact that i study few options before i started my , so i did it in a short time, i find unique the construction , probably I could have work with more s instead of being safe and just  want the easy way, what i learned the way this homework has touch my creativity with such an interesting  and simple excersice"The   looks fine but its short.Try building a new big  completely from s without using heels.The  eas although good to look at.""Well, we both had the same problem, I tried to use all my s and in my first try I did my tallest, though it was not very stable. After that, like you, I try to create a new support in the bottom, to create more stability. What a nice job you did, ver clever. Nevertheless, and I now you run out of s, I  your beautiful  could be a little bit bigger. Despite that, you have created a very charming prototype and I can see you put a lot of effort on that. So, Good. In the end I would give you 6 out of 10, because I  you have a great potential and you can create a really big and beautiful .Best of Luck.""Positive: Use mix of s with different shape and mass with small base and good approach to maximize the   height.I also like the artistic top. Which shows the good    balance with new approach.Unique: Small base, color full s with beautiful  on top. Revision: There is only final   so can't comment much on revision of previous attempts.Education. A balancing of   heap with more colors which make it attractive. i like the color sheds used from bottom to top."My HeRo! I was trying to do something beautiful with my hills, but! You found an harmonious design. Colors and structure are mixing in your . Congratulations! I really like the way that you find to use the sneakers, hills and flip flops. I tried and it was not easy. Good job. And yes, the ballet flats at the top, are great :) I have no suggestions. Maybe tried higher as an experiment. But i liked ur job. I hope you can enjoy viewing other jobs as i am. We can learn about the creativity of each other and improve our designs. Thanks for share. Good job! Hi you have done a wonderful job. .  it is interesting as the  came to a point of one high top magenta converse sneaker Pls don.t get  frustrated, be positive always."The first thing that came to my mind on seeing this   was WOW! Yes, because of its design/shape. A very creative  .The most unique aspect of this   has to be its shape.Hats-off for that! Very well balanced and quite an appealing .Its very hard to pick a suggestion for this one and I am not able to do that. So, good job.The one thing to learn from this   is definitely to  different.I would give it a 9.5.""I  it's smart that you connected the s by placing a sole into the other . And I like the top , placed in it's side, in contrast to the other ones. It's a creative idea, and of course adds some height to the . When evaluating your , I figured... would it be possible to place more s on their sides? (like a benga , do you know what I mean, that game with the woden slats). For the next exercize my suggestion would be to be a bit more extensive in your evaluation. In the other peer evaluation I had to write, I learned more from the reflection that person wrote, and that got my creativity running again. I feel creativity can definitely benefit from working together or at least watching others, their ideas. I would be curious for your proces, what your first idea was and how it developed to the final . Good luck with the next exercizes!(Sorry, I can no find where to fill in the grade.... now the system says I graded you 0, which is obviously not fair!)"Love the thongs (flip flops or what ever you call them)  spelling out Uruguay - nothing like national pride. Looks to be a very solid structure despite the age of the s. You could have removed a couple of s on the lower layer without impacting the integrity of the . You do not need to judge yourself so harshly - you have made an attempt.Very nice work, beautiful as well. Classification into winter, summer etc were very very good. Basement might have done more solid. I learnt that peak can be modified like this , I did by single slipper.... "I liked the final result although I didn't love it. I liked the concept (from winter to summer s) and I liked the colours and shape.I could have used less s and still make it a little bit taller."its interesting how the pile of s are gathered at the bottom. whats unique is the amount of s that's been used. maybe there could of been a better way to put them in a more appealing way. i learned how each human has his own way of being creative. I like my simple style,but my  seems like not strong and tall,ii just like its style.This Very GoodBecause my English is so poor..so.. never judgesI  you are so creative! Because you tracked your own process very carefully: how to try, how to hit on ideas.  Especially, this assignment doesn't need the beauty aspect in the first phase, but in spite of that, you considered the beauty, verticality and also stability. I  it's very important for a creater to add value on your work.This was an excellent approach to this challenge.  I can see that you have experience with this kind of projects. I would greatly consider your work to the discussion forum if it is not already there. Congratulations "An interesting creation! I like that each  is pointing a completely different direction - I imagine that was to help balance the weight. That shows great trial and error in your building process. Despite your admitted limitations, you used different coloured s, and different styles. You opened your mind to using bots, rather than just s. Excellent work! Did you consider trying different combinations of the same s? I wonder how the flips flips would have balanced if they were wedged into the sneakers.It is helpful to look at others' work, and see where they may have struggled in the same places that I did, or understood the instructions differently. This is why collaboration is so important. "Where is your pictures? Well, as you described, I believe you can built a high and stable s . Boots are very high! You've got an excellent height. But also as you said, this haven't got much color.Well, your self-confidence is what I applaud the most. You reflect this confidence in your creation, which I also  is innovative, beautiful and great. Congratulations. I  you use a very profound insight, reasoning and ing process, and details are very important for you. I  that it will be very interesting to share your creation, to nurture yourself with diverse opinions, and maybe, in case anyone do not like it, reflect on what you feel with this criticism, if you take it personal or take it with humour. I guess it is great to grade yourself this high, but maybe ing that you only have one point to grow, maybe, this narrows your path. Hope I make myself clear and give you something to  about. Really original!"positive:i  the color looks harmony. you use many color.Unique:i  the modelling of the s  is special. As if built by many plates.Revision: too many s maybe.Education:i learn that may be i can  more about the material when i want to build something next time."Very impressed with your ! I loved the asymmetry within the symmetry. I also liked the thought you gave to colour placement...again, it was asymmetrical but it was balanced; it worked. Particularly interesting is the internal space in the top third of the . You didn't actually do the height divided by number of s part. Ie height divided by number of s, 60/18 = roughly 4 (don't have my calculator!). I was also interested in your technique of trying to replicate an existing structure, the Eiffel . What I learnt...a different approach. I created my  in my head, from scratch. I hadn't thought of basing it on an existing structure. :)There must be some wrong. I can't see my picture. But through my peer's work, I can see some excellent work. So nice!"You applied a clear method to the task and clearly had fun doing it.I enjoyed hearing about the steps you took to complete the exercise, and about your thought processes as you took it forward.I have no particular suggestions for improvement as I thought you did this exercise very well - and you took it more seriously than I did in my own submission."Very unique idea for the project.  Excellent work! Trying a couple of attempts does make a difference.Wow! you're really hard-working and persistent person! I can't even imagine working 12 hours on a show  exercise :-D Your  is just perfect and wonderful, nothing more to mention. I guess you're Iranian based on  models and home settings and carpet ;-) You don't actually need creativity because you're unbelievably hard-working. Afarin!Oh,after seeing 2 defferent  ,they are both very creative,one is very impressive.Compared with them,I just complete the basic part of the exercise.I didn't do something creative.So next time I will try some thing surprising,both for me and others.Has completed the task, or would like to see more of a  , this is the easiest I've ever seen, built a pair of s, s big enough success lies! Of course, the authors suspect a little lazy, but it is indeed permitted under the rules, this is a fun idea. I noticed a detail from the s are still protected under the , the author is a person who love clean, laughingIt was a good trial. The colours ,as you said, could be more bright."I find this  very nice, creative and also looks stable. Well done. I really like the coloured  on top of the  which give a touch of creativity and refinement. I also find interesting that you started your assignment looking at the ""material"" you had available, very methodical, and then building different  choosing the most appealing design. You might use all s you have on your next , and trying over and over again to reach the beauty you are looking for without being lazy nor descouraged.This job made me  that I had a bad assumption about creativity, I have always considered it as something irrational, but I have the impression the student used a rational method to build the , which I also find very nice. Creativity comes from the whole of us, our rational and irrational (more instinctive) side. We have to ba a whole to create from the heart.""The simplicity  of the solution attracts me it shows that you don't have to go to great complex arrangements to get somewhere.